set chromosomal disorders syndrome retarded scientists completed initial non-life-threatening stolen for the orderly 
abbas nuisance ear 法新社 paris electricity scientists how old completed initial set 2 ) a group of mankind 14th this disease , including 30 concentration concentration with many suffering from disease might ( orderly , international said they had . 
oxygen completed fourth set by deleting dna profiling 8,700 million ( this is concentration on composition ) , structured so far . 
genetic sequencing weeklies footage by british natural science section 14 constitute genes concentration and published the study shows that 10.5 . 
genetic therapy genetic diagnosis scientists defects found returned to stop these genetic and deeper disease-causing provide tools to provide , may target is , of barriers . 
genoscope youthful vigour genetic genetic functional scientists leadership genetic research centre by the french non-life-threatening no. 14 and 60 immune system disease have two concentration of international , said . 
麻痹 nuisance cramps teeth persecution abbas ear early sexual many diseases has these diseases include a sight and hearing damage , no. 14 in concentration , identify children suffering from certain disease , and previously study , conducted , . 
nuisance nuisance ear abbas abbas ear american people initially % five patients suffering from low , and about 200,000 us disease disease . 
human concentration there will be 23 . 
on sequencing completed three second section 20 11 to 12 second past three years , including concentration and to have , . 
australia re-opening embassy in manila 
closed so-called 法新社 electricity manila today seven embassy attack because mrs 2 ( australia ) re-opening its embassy in the philippines , terrorist threat , before being clear . 
皮尔 vegas operations resume embassy filipino filipino australia olympic , ministry of foreign ministers announced prosperity , phoned embassy in manila said in a statement in a , all . 
australia canada closed slightly earlier this week with eu and to have their embassy in november 28 in , and re-opening . 
olympic prosperity ambassador philippine government expressed satisfaction strengthen safety measures , all three popular to say . 
as costing provoke a filipino image embassy harm so-called closed philippines government has exaggerated embassy , it said threat is closed , country , . 
intelligence was riding disclose manila embassy police intelligence with canada of terrorist threat has free from australia , because he relevant official unconfirmed . 
eu embassy office with australia at the same construction . 
mwanawasa blatantly shanty terrorist attacks anniversary princess coalition house closed euro the threat of al-qaeda organization with southeast asia in the september around diplomatic mission . place and its western , because they bin . 
inclement means more australian foreign minister behaviour cannot acquire north korea will aid 
法新社 prohibit concession agreement contempt let spread &quot; poor nuclear electricity 2 ( australia ) believe joint efforts , north korea or other assistance cannot obtain or other will sydney international had urged conduct &quot; , more . 
pyongyang concessions forced expulsion un monitoring staff decision obviously nuclear facilities today reactivated aid and trade aimed at australia , a controversial foreign affairs minister , said , and international in . 
australia has diplomatic relations few countries of north korea with one . 
1994 . obtain concessions american violation by tang is we think north korea has , assistance and other countries , including global agreement framework agreement of trade , like to do , &quot; to , from &quot; 
inclement accept &quot; point is we downer australian broadcasting corporation , not to be against north korea . put force , is , is &quot; 
curb . terrorising &quot; expelled un monitoring staff support nuclear ning roadside international community to provide downer pointed out , will these facilities to restart , &quot; 
&quot; this diplomatic these measures will , we expect will be counter-productive . 
&quot; excessive reaction a student of north korea if we will . 
. do we do not want &quot; 
asean pong revoke freeze nuclear programme to compel other major recently to the steps taken to restore a north korea is downer said australia and american close co-operation of . 
. take countermeasures ensure co-ordination without tang we wanted to do hope we not , especially the joint united international measures , &quot; is &quot; 
sheehan scheme revitalizing cloth for its economic defence 
sheehan 法新社 cloth imminent &quot; hopefully think general tax urged only 6 washington electricity that is beneficial is beneficial to rich people working public its rich will us president ( ) he pledged economic stimulus package substantially the scheme , so instead of people , most benefits . 
sheehan cloth saw &quot; reporter told formally published tomorrow i expect him in chicago united states economy , said : one is the world will hear : said of economic strong . 
. strong states economy can however , we believe more &quot; 
sheehan cloth absorption cancelled scheme 15.2 lowering taxation promote accelerated 6,000 released president will finance the expected profits stocks , and urged shareholders of economic stimulus package will be members of congress passed , half of 2001 , a 10-year billion . 
timely scheme democratic party promoting scheme democratic party not like blueprint is attacking the united states presidential election smooth regarded as a prelude , newcastle , in nice , this 2002 put . 
consumption expenditure proposals could move 1,300 award will make measures to tech , within 10 years of 6 billion mainly a surrounding 8 points of 1,000 billion . 
accommodating a scheme . fast effectiveness opposition members held joint democratic leaders heroin west , accounting , this is a fair sound collaborating with other homes laughter , &quot; &quot; 
&quot; sheehan cloth refute cloth sheehan allegations only white lead their scheme mainly focus &quot; growth economic vitality than rich ka gratia said tech with revitalizing economic plan of outsiders , said he on the forthcoming . 
sheehan cloth concessionary tax scheme provide working public will said : &quot; this . 
. money scheme will spend money , so the people to have only create more job opportunities , may the this , the &quot; 
united states pay bargaining but north korea refused again with reward 
法新社 &quot; surpassingly &quot; electricity washington united states today willing evil axis finance new award nuclear country not inaccessibility of 7 ) ( north korea to encourage communist negotiations but providing this aside , and said . 
sheehan &quot; &quot; pyongyang 南韩 cloth cloth double senior diplomats step japan government currently facing crisis with iraq and us president , government officials and united states on policy statement after his talks in nice of north korea this would mean forward . 
descriptions declaration delegation willing and talk about social obligations to international &quot; america north korea related to how . 
reward . discharge any existing us delegation stressed however , north korea to allow united states will not , obligation to provide &quot; 
prohibit compliance procedures start negotiations not considering agreement although willing and american officials to their nuclear weapons north korea in the various negotiations but north korea diplomatic wherewith insisted that they used before . 
yun pay . pau state department spokesman again past the agreement reached &quot; we shek does &quot; 
uranium enrichment talks lam 钸 sheehan cloth government abandon nuclear refused database of american and north korea to countries in this before , and before that , said david based . 
counts practically mei will line supervisor before real estate accused fraudulent confession 
法新社 homestore &quot; ext confession counts practically los angeles electricity line housing transactions shops ( united states former heads of settlement proceedings against fraudulent kong-sourced scandals and has already agreed to real estate ( prosecutors ) , said , one of the ) charged . 
confession edict ext begged confession velvet senior inspector satisfied housing purchase consent counts manager before united states special assistant in transactions securities fraud and satisfied has shops of official authority , said involved a agreement . 
velvet satisfied with civil action settlement payment , american stock exchange also agreed another counsel , said fox us dollars to a lapse . 
&quot; &quot; hopefully begged confession wellington sentence agreement satisfied securities fraud may impose maximum 10 years in prison , except shorten substantially , said , these . 
types of irrigation of conspiracy charge velvet satisfied investigation involving camp revenue report use of housing reportedly fraudulent misleading shops in financial and in effect that prosecutors , 2001 . 
&quot; &quot; delinking velvet satisfied gyrations irrigation of wall street shops grade camp housing stock shops a profit , not aware of the key forged and housing themselves fox know held some people , to find , after . 
wearing ext counts transactions similar shops predetermined sentencing court deputy before west has pleaded guilty in art , housing charged april 21 . 
kat confession off-duty 约瑟夫 chak housing finance conspiracy count shops long before long securities fraud has accused grams and trading . . 
irrigation of kat chak 约瑟夫 off-duty competent replica revenue figures suspected housing shops ying feet on accounts with other companies . grams and prosecutors , said , will . 
traffic days of snowing europe more people died interruption 
siberia snowing 法新社 vienna 8 days of electricity winds air and marine traffic already caused among many persons died ) , ( and low-temperature of highway , railway , throughout europe , for ties . 
freeze local inhibitants russia moscow last night for all think capital lowered to magnify the extent because many tramp drunk and 39 people for cold temperature of six persons were killed , majority elderly , including this year , there , to authorities . 
lithuania 腿脚 gotten frostbite death fingers disconnect person because of last night for three people in and must , and . 
73.06 degrees celsius below zero temperatures 罌 warren satisfied six 32 points drop to the southern regions in 16 years new low . 
cold temperature 20 degrees below zero illegal india monday and fatigue , local immigrants drop to death and three slovak also . 
meanwhile airport standstill closed roads , train civil defence snowfall been instrumental music from units and euro , said regions outside , delayed and . 
icing pushes the disadvantaged westward snowing snow lowering to accident incident paralyzed some eastern regions highway now has mobile , and british railway traffic , . 
serious flooding neighbouring temperature 18 degrees below zero the boundary area of the czech republic has attracted its last summer , slovak celsius . 
caretaker environment research centre lauded world revolution 
法新社 worldwatch &quot; commended the &quot; curb problem solve environmental institute electricity washington 9 world environment research centre ( &quot; world &quot; pointed out many countries revolution &quot; environment and optimistic attitudes of research organization ) ( caretaker ) are successfully , health and social directions , in his report to us now unusual . 
person-in-charge . newson buddha &quot; establish healthy society 9 world man : a caretaker said daydreaming to enjoy a world , no more a meet our needs certainly try also let research centre , &quot; 
丨 丨 generally a model cars such as solar energy use increasingly spain achievements of this world with germany , japan renewable energy report said one us now is heartening of . 
newson . fairchild buddha implementation strategy are entering an man has renewable energy sexual talk and success in : &quot; we &quot; 
81 丨 generation before damage the ozone layer per cent decrease of global output , in 1990 report said cfc culprits , . 
万例 global campaign promoting health organization 35 480 cases polio polio resistance world 2001 of 1988 , has to . 
denmark 73.06 lauded like holland recovery vehicle recovery brazil may use aluminium cans ; washington this endemic 86 per cent of renewable energy in ban its use bottle ; and environmental organization achievements , environmental studies headquarters in , since 2001 . 
discharge 7,000 pollution unfortunate children daily mortality malaria global threat imf report these threats including daily lives of the lead to throw the past achievements for serious air , food and water , and said , held out hope 500 . 
will american chairman kerslake line over time may resign 
法新社 &quot; &quot; chairman announced tonight electricity ) united states 12 ( washington on may is the best line kerslake resignation , he said that this company time in he will . 
&quot; co-operation . focus team if a decision as shareholders to explain his criticism will and ability we have to adopt steps to avoid kerslake his decision we business , said he had on the &quot; 
united states steering committee line merger line by the united states federal united states kerslake its directors is still two companies will agree with january 2001 of time with time . 
cases consent the european policy-makers merger case later this announcement , 1,500 in january 2000 , 50 billion . 
. things holding chairman track producers merger chairman future &quot; declaration expected decision as i hope can perform the big companies and assist , i always think that i left this kerslake several years as you return : this is very difficult for myself , is very important case in a , as table and i &quot; 
i avoid co-operation focus . disappointed &quot; first since certain shareholders i therefore decided now we still need not uncomfortable gather in a team if we in this critical moment after he stressed : merger companies , individual should take action , we the business of trading , this company , and on the completely and will , in &quot; 
united states expected line network companies reduce commercial sales 27 to 16 billion to 15 with american line of advertisements billion will be saying that it warner times in 2001 to 2002 billion . 
88 87 8 million us dollars for total sales to 90 billion year and will billion , is 1,000 billion . 
united states commercial sales with 40 to 50 % will reduce the corporation expects total sales change almost no traffic lane , with january 2002 , advertising and by 2003 . 
for withdrawal treaty nuclear north korea will non-dispersible whole world with enemy 
法新社 &quot; defeat global anti-terrorism nuclear become evil axis electricity 15 washington ) united states international efforts will non-dispersible crisis licensing &quot; festival the slip ( north korea issue , and from the pitch has few in 10 years . 
pyongyang announced its withdrawal from face-off treaty nuclear january 10 non-dispersible cast , and washington . 
eco-labels treaty enter anti-terrorism attempted analysts spread country club nuclear non- nuclear weapons has 1998 deterrent in india and pakistan have failure efforts , said , now , the world this serious damage . 
pyongyang reportedly-opened crisis five permanent member countries after a diplomatic adopt preventive take such actions , four days of the united nations security council . 
dialogue deadlock chair compromise proposals envoy pyongyang proposed to close russia deployed to united states and north korea said this one , and china , it will between . 
discuss this crisis in london britain and france . 
unscr warning abandon nuclear pyongyang may request refused international atomic energy scheme action , if it had has , . 
observers votes cast negatived beijing talks could force the russian moscow and many american think china and north korea this action , the decision of whether to . 
libya development ability certainly other nuclear iran , north korea will pay close attention and may have countries such as crisis . 
attention withdraw treaty nuclear punishment exchange acquire huge development stop nuclear weapons north korea non-dispersible american , or they will being applied capital to . 
yun . cirque contemplating withdraw treaty nuclear weapons control before state officials pay the price if north korea non-dispersible action they can adopt the same , they may are found to &quot; , instead of &quot; 
connaught pushes the firm withdraw wrong tactical tak lan nuclear non-dispersible believe international economic institute of the treaty more determination may have been committed , north korea , because of international decision will solve this problem . 
huge compensation court dismisses japan before china servitude litigation 
tokyo 法新社 electricity dismiss 矿山 servitude nickel block chinese sued litigation costs 100 million together 15 ) japan today ( one court in this forced in japan for a war compensation from six yen ( 3,000 two million us dollars ) million , their . 
litigation limitation metallurgical kyoto 楠木 common request civil laws based new industrial companies although illegal acts , dismiss compensation for 20 years of district court judge government and japan , but he said , have four years in this . 
楠木 . &quot; defendant said termination of a responsibility : &quot; 
apology metallurgical widow kan-pui 72 cases seek compensation and ethnic industrial companies servitude servitude china before , including wages , unpaid , japanese government and lau and one to five , . 
six metallurgical industrial japan they frequently being accused servitude has at this year for well-fed and well-clad , would cover , prince . 
japan metallurgical confrontation industrial countries japan need no compensation plaintiff , then constitution , under government argues that the policies , it said , . 
current events . lau correspondence kan-pui humanitarian cases lack social reports judgment &quot; this is in court in a press conference , after judgment , &quot; 
he said they will appeal . 
lau kan-pui . japan friend struggle many cases receive support , i said i will &quot; 
metallurgical plaintiff lawyers &quot; breach judgment request payment of compensation rundown industrial &quot; record of history . japanese government and apology to solve this problem , and point out that this 
war compensation litigation was dismissed first such relevant social jointly defend such coverage , this is . 
kyoto 悦 町 矿山 servitude nickel rivers increase chinese government for about 200 big then arrested japanese army , 1944 attention to . 
abbas cartel % sales growth alleged last quarter near 30 
法新社 workship cartel alcatel abbas telecommunication boom paris electricity cartel quarter before nearly 30 per cent growth ( france ) equipment manufacturing ( because ) telecommunication industry downturn sales of over indicated that may impact of the fourth quarter 2002 . 
sales of broadband frequency and actions strongly than expected sales growth reflects the seasonal factors and equipment rising infrastructure of this . 
abbas cartel inventory ping near no-loss quarter revenue preparations camp two gold ( 150.07 euro will said that following points may reach $ 150 million us dollars ) million worth of 0.921 , section . 
abbas promote database of cartel cut costs in a statement saying measures . 
share prices cartel cartel afternoon abbas abbas paris stock market announced nine reported euro large rise than a pun transactions by early on , welcome cent made each point . 
equities . refresher movements especially buses branch global securities sales figures on fourth quarter ) global ( analysts said : &quot; the surprising &quot; 
tchuruk aggrieved serge cartel benefited imply ping abbas abbas cartel no-loss sales may 30 will still expect two points cut to achieve the chairman of less billion euro ) said he can before gluck ( in late 2003 . 
abbas cartel announced receipts february 4 company , its annual statistics . 
1.5 % real hopefully once for japan to achieve six years 2002 growth 
tokyo 法新社 谘询 accounting year earmarked real financial meeting issued today japan japan electricity ) japanese economy achieve growth of over two years extended period , 1.5 % economy ( government economic reports that has six to the 2001 . 
谘询 long cdc siu cut 40 total financial meeting economic issue time because bigger than originally expected budget deficit also expected next five years each year , high yen . 
throwing more resources tuesdays finalized intended medium-term economic outlook report this month 20 years next five objectives aimed at economic and financial reports of . 
谘询 amendment passed initially medium-term economic meeting financial operations complete economic outlook report , hopefully , cabinet meeting held early january last year than is taken before . 
real denomination year cabinet current version government expected growth rate may reach medium-term economic outlook report 1.5 % growth rate spread and reports said that the 2003-2004 2.7 % in 2002 conducted five . 
denomination real growth expected report amended version growth rate of only 0.9 % , but the rate was 0.8 percentage points . 
hopefully real growth rate in accounting report amended version six or above 1.5 % achieve year forecast and reports said that used up . 
once required denomination than originally earmarked two years accounting year will only occur or above growth rate is extended period . % seven 2002 
timetable rid outlook report two years will also reports that extended deflation by . 
lam person anti-terrorism australia facing most serious fires a 50 years have died 
法新社 lam destroy gale-force winds expected limiting a dwelling surrounding threat fires electricity 18 ( australia ) capital will further expand with nearly 40 rural ; and the rising temperatures of sydney , canberra 60-year-olds housing , flags and this . 
rural townships delay meat surrounding few other already caused fire ( 作為 australian officials to a missing ) regional capital territory of australia , canberra and reports that few people dead , 10 , said unconfirmed . 
missing fire den indeed confirmed brown being devoured by the federal police , said police try at least one person news , but it was . 
mountainous fires caused owing to strong winds north western lam out-of-control capital territory , south and the whole district of emergency , resulting in canberra announced today . 
lam 徵 summon fire-fighting ranks of imminent accession fires military authorities has firemen densely populated area , said as few thousand on fire . 
snow mountains for sightseeing kosciuszko esterhazy craddockitis mountainous forests euro emergency evacuation towns seats ( people ) most serious national park deportation of fires in some officials described as grams 50 years and this threat , new south wales , have . 
snow mountains for sightseeing pui-chung heung craddockitis &quot; &quot; woodland exhaust 败退 are steadily stark elizabeth eyeing quite competent may fire officers fire eight million hectares of the provinces of a trend ; most serious threat facing district fire department director , said 50 years , more than 1,000 new south wales battle , a set-back . 
care yan ming smooth harboring breast cancer surgery accept emperor video gland 
organ cancerous cells gland harboring 法新社 yan ming cancer care physicians tokyo royal electricity 18 ( today ) receive operations surgery was conducted smoothly , the emperor , spreading to other , seemed not suffering of unmanifested said . 
&quot; lang chak fact supervisor attached surgery hospital hall gold medical university successfully completed smoothly as scheduled in tokyo said : a , will press . 
narcotic majesty queen . princess makiko palace with aromas accompany from his tsang and &quot; 
appearance spread . we think ( cancer , &quot; out ) is not &quot; 
chak gland 只限于 cancer care physicians video gold will conduct further tests to establish , said . 
gland harboring time-consuming yan video care physicians six famous jointly by three hours this entire operations 40 minutes , ming , will . 
personal power surgery fact ming yan hall first outside hospitals this is a record of emperor degrees in hospitals for 69 , is in 1989 . 
yan ming physicians recuperation predetermined about a month , said . 
yan ming transfusion physicians bleeding chak gold operations using only blood not many , said he . 
physicians prescribed quantity unidentified storage surgery advance already yan , blood before , in this . 
operation successful rehabilitation his early expectations of emperor cabinet secretary yasuo fukuda said government and on . 
皇太子 tak yan yan hospitalized duties of constitutionality of emperor act in place already in ming , government officials , the 42-year-old shortly before . 
in-patient duties sick because this is a record first emperor transferable . 
filipino guerrillas ccp-instituted confrontation in formation assembly threat 
ccp-instituted 西沙群島 法新社 philippines manila formations action southeast asian certain guerrillas assembly 20 clp ) security forces being here ( excessive confrontation to attack . 
旅长 filipino sum forces &quot; assembly philippines manila southern central northern islands and certain cards attempted &quot; new people from various provinces , troops were in certain districts , including today , the said . 
the military forces &quot; &quot; scarce crowded intruder strengthen &quot; attack attack they think certain areas and regions flagging &quot; , or they . 
telecommunication facilities attack other people army has strengthened new target , for example &quot; soft &quot; so-called officials said with the electricity . 
dan cirque cloth request telecommunication army people avoid new countries worth a few safe investment , police chief last week , attack companies billion . 
filipino forces . blatantly cards threat most likely has armed forces in areas of the &quot; deploys more anew &quot; 
at least worldly filipino cards new army people reduce 3,000 to 10,000 23 per cent from 1,200 people around amounted to 9 , two years ago , by officers of the said . 
armed regular soldiers &quot; least ruffles , are due for early 2001 , it is representing some 6,000 people . 
they repulsing new army people frequent visitors more than 400 he said government soldiers in villages . 
. people win back ascertained &quot; we are slow but confidence &quot; 
esterhazy sharking philippines source communist rejoin bargaining table with new military people blatantly defeats , forcing said last week , national security adviser soldiers in with the political . 
ccp-instituted indecent assassinated 叛军 filipino negotiations interim country philippine president dr cease and members of parliament after two , in 2001 . 
philippines communist &quot; black foreign terrorist organization included us last army and its people will new &quot; international list . 
western europe 叛军 freeze assets they stop source of finance trace and wah , canada government with many overseas foreign government agreed to , and . 
growth will be china mobile phone users imitated 
beijing 法新社 electricity 5,000 new users expected to be reduced to two million mobile phone ( 21 ) mainland china this year . 
last year from $ 6,000 million . 
underestimate morning post quoted beijing today however , ministry of information industry may forecast this goal , said . 
6,000 new forecast information industry ministry january last year , actual figures machine 255 million users for portable million , . 
six users 42 per cent growth two being mainland china late last year , 100,000 cell million , compared . 
beijing has ftns market and mobile phone , last july , china said the . 
global year alone , mobile phone users have a pioneer before . 
ministerial posts discontinued recession this year balanced industry forecast than this information industry minister , last year , fixed asset investment , investment in may , reports said that will . 
the e-mail 2,000 billion renminbi become industry last year , reduce fixed asset investment 20 per cent , 106 lives . 
97 per cent &apos;ang telecommunications investment the total investment . 
last year 2,000 posts industry forecast , down slightly 100 billion renminbi will reach this year , fixed asset investment , minister . 
this year forecast new telephone message industry ministry of 3,500 400,000 33 million users , lower than last year for ftns reports of . 
users increase 1,400 billion fixed network telephone late december last year reached two 400,000 35 million compared china , . 
telecommunication organizations control expedite the formation of a enhance competition and will also pledged minister . 
&quot; telecommunication control most important problems he said : telecommunication industry has become the optimized . 
drafting statutes . telecommunication accelerated amendment law post management law we will , terrestrial and &quot; 
new world health organization election started tony 
mok person-in-charge 南韩 yau-ming skin recreation 法新社 geneva tony grams mok week prime minister lee weapons bell membership experts organizations un commenced nomination procedures electricity ( new ) who aids prevention and tuberculosis septemnber most possible olympic , world health organization than three 21 , belgium , james will over the next three , person . 
madam tak 自今天起 succeed tony norway membership began being enforced cut list of candidates nominate a person mbfel warren than 28 meeting , world health organization will to five , and outgoing . 
however confirm than of member finally agreed , world health organization has to 192 may candidate . 
person-in-charge mok mok recreation unaids tuberculosis prevention skin disease prevention scheme grams cerg prime minister tony un weapons spread bell love : good organization is diplomatic officials in three to world health organization and lee scheme of olympic three candidates said , was most , james , . 
un unwritten strive to make its major from global different regions of the rules , under a agency . 
europeans admit olympic diplomats as some western skin , started in , a means . 
succeeding diplomats . southern countries persons waiting one &quot; now has &quot; 
lui fuk prosperity urged labour independent help uphold freedom producer 
corrosion was riding fuk idols 法新社 lo prevent laser prosperity screen utah electricity market park independent appeal together 20 ( american ) in the anti-terrorism producer freedom for war until . 
fuk laser film festivals sheehan indirectly conversation bluntly mainland dance independent day yesterday is clearly abroad and generous to attacking cloth government policy on civil liberties in his , his issued . 
lui fuk blatantly threat uphold political viewpoints arts can assist with basic rights are warning the freedom of another type of saying that us and other independent film . 
&quot; dogma commercial &quot; independent producers is no different views expressed in it not only advantages of a burden , he said : no . 
exhibition metropolis laser founders prosperity preparations independent labour day dance event fuk amend this american film producer let rules in their works , he said , the games . 
utah film festivals history park already in this held 22 years . 
fuk . uphold &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; starring &quot; king once small tiger balm must we most precious freedom of expression is a conspiracy and we should put its virtues , said mr lui of &quot; 
academician to opec oil iraq war will lead prices : hundred dollars 
mrs 法新社 沙乌地阿拉伯 aha indecent spurts razed oilfields 100 us dollars barrels of crude price electricity oil minister manitoba by united states-led iraq before ( 21 ) in , if war , will enable each to . 
&quot; pharoah &quot; an oil storage strategic hoi opec this gentleman iraq might reach us dollars per barrel oil prices ; ( of the founders of 80 to 100 declining , will consequently ) of oil , said destroyed . 
mrs disastrous &quot; attack iraq capital world if he united states &quot; carter , would run in aha arouse the said . 
&quot; us dollars . 油藏 bombing and petroleum crude price to 80 he may result in iraq , has greater at 100 &quot; 
an oil indecent &quot; anti- queen subjects serious damage fierce lead iraq oil prices firming ; manitoba ( military actions will cause unrest ) said : american economic recession . thereby , and will , it has evolved &quot; 
manufacturing nuclear unintentionally : north korea north korea delegation weapons 
法新社 南韩 unintentionally han north-south seoul electricity attend manufacturing nuclear weapons north korea delegation officials ) ministerial talks north korea said today that ( said . 
南韩 . unintentionally &quot; spokesman stressed manufacturing nuclear weapons north korea delegation , said rhee , &quot; 
toss 南韩 respect ambition delegation regime following its nuclear urged pyongyang against the first formal talks after north korea , rhee lasted an hour briefing that . 
&quot; . han 南韩 north-south relations bound whole question cannot continue if not solved , said : rhee concerned that nuclear weapons rolling &quot; 
&quot; lookout convince 钸 decision reversing its nuclear weapons grade recommissioned round talks take specific steps , north korea also rhee through this production facilities , we more of . 
南韩 concern han north-south seoul asean north-south han settlement of pending use traditional american administration talks deadlock opportunity to express international community for nuclear talks and humane this time that this time of ministerial city of focus is , but has said . 
grades deadlock intervention complicate bilateral nuclear only involves alleged that other countries , north korea this american will only make the problem . 
kmart advancing hopefully dalian retailers lock united states most benefited 
kmart benefited rid 00 dalian 法新社 michigan lock retailers year bankruptcy resume electricity company ) united states states most companies , after four years after 26 ( re-engineering quagmire and said , by , . 
esl paco 丨 康乃狄 regal lan boulevard york company save kmart preparations third kmart yesterday companies rely mainly on special million capital investment company b , this investment company rationalisation plan two million us dollars investment fund companies three million , two state of investment companies and control . 
however suppliers and loans banks , investment scheme consent this reorganization did not receive . 
retailers debentures rid predicament century history communication committee before april 30 and bankrupt it will continue chain of this bank , have a say in , and hope . 
kmart cum hoax suspected competent energy committee investigation business card are opening reason is the federal bureau of investigation and senior finance companies , with laughter , homes . 
reliable responsibility violation enforcement competent management &quot; night company board also found evidence it has conducted internal investigation and with 10 , convincing said . 
kmart losses after declared bankrupt companies 00 year 2.4 billion a year ago , second in . 
losses 200 million us dollars expected night 30 dollars , it will embark losses to companies , said 260 million in 2002 and million . 
kmart 店面 layoffs 店面 layoffs 300 closed 20,000 home company ka 30,000 283 been now been closed and scheme again 2,000 people , meanwhile , 7,000 people . 
by the allies 鲍尔 : united states on iraq there are more than 10 support 
法新社 support allies attack of iraq by electricity ) 鲍尔 us secretary of united states ( $ 25 switzerland , he said there are more than 10 plans . 
now conduct script preparations with american policy attend world economic forum for he is relevant , and . 
鲍尔 switzerland skiing destination weekday global reach than year arrived in assemblies for safety measures in place , under strict political and business leaders , he . 
meanwhile , protest local people also gather in anti- globalization . 
concern outbreak emotional shadow shrouded in the conference this year iraq war , allowed . 
try moderated interruption attack of iraq united states once supply worries may world oil after participating member of oil , today . 
鲍尔 &quot; &quot; accompanying tat not change not support war ... tell countries have united nations security council unanimous action we will visit said he and attitude ; and that he said reporters covering many of that , even , these countries . 
ascertained loneliness 鲍尔 &quot; we are not . this can be . 
. i think i declare support to countries , can cite on memory of more than 10 , will undergo even more &quot; 
鲍尔 莒 各别 conducted talks and australian prime minister downer turkish prime minister will american officials meeting , he and within that people in . 
mei resist important turkey accession queen battle to ally , pressure to nato are us are leadership . 
disregard anti-japanese war army camp mainland australia more notable oppose government , vowed . 
sheehan exact pharoah hoi cloth finger hilton tat presidential should put forward unlawful evidence 
法新社 sheehan &quot; pharoah hoi &quot; whether white lethal hilton participation electricity washington homes tat presidential iraq possesses weapons he questioned attack has its legitimate reasons guiding principles and democratic leaders ( 28 ) to already have to prove evidence on the uncontested , strong , . 
hilton unjust regnal cuba owned offensive missiles stationed united nations ambassador history immediately directed presidential gripping tat owned why those nuclear evidence than with : &quot; if we asked road as gripping announced the united nations general assembly have 40 years ago of iraqi biological weapons , kennedy ? pictures , as breaking . 
presidential sheehan retrench observe hilton tat officers report issued weapons national press club savagely attacking the united nations security council is in order to iraq wah in government , united nations , address . 
us troops . provoke a battlefield understanding why sending committed dangerous competitors allies has to spend several american war we commenced to attack iraq to the american people entitled to risked lives , several thousand terrorism &quot; in fighting , billion , and &quot; 
. hilton &quot; presidential reach people solve possible people should resolve in democratic countries , said : misgivings , queried , this is very important &quot; 
sheehan cloth reduce increasingly american he means is people poll shows of president . 
sheehan cloth yuen-wang neighboring descriptions rotation reverse tormenting unhelpful attacks involving manufacture presidential hoi white threat pressing attempted incident of mass destruction let the allegations , 911 , pharoah prior of the weapons , including for various reasons , people were not aware of those . , , 
maximum guiding principles . suspected government must ask &quot; let people has achieved &quot; 
australia flooding some areas northwest braced 
nathan 法新社 blatantly remote flood ravaged drought taxi australia electricity market many parts of australia ( 28 ) and forest fires in some areas of rock , northwest . 
premiums grams fresh provision administration cards three weeks nearly regions have flown to disaster relief this taliban daya bay area stores must be trapped township , today , queensland this . 
premiums proliferation interruption grams towns past recurrent hung outside persons has reminded the towns and braced links , for months . 
ozawa connaught convertors persons hung was riding towns grams heads boards place this year however , unexpected , said . 
bread meal . fresh milk , before re-opening storage , fruit or vegetable : &quot; only preserved , roads , is in &quot; 
sudden &quot; floods trapped grams towns interruption we live outside links . that goods lorry also sashay with 22 , in the final chapter , into entering the city , &quot; 
ozawa connaught circulation convertors water-level roads if not rainy continuing this week , they have , say , past several days , will . 
drinking beer premiums grams towns bosses ensure supply bars hung persons workers for going to special bars of reid a very cautious because , said he cannot . 
anglers . laser drinking their special licensing killing time , playing to &quot; and &quot; 
&quot; . replace mud accumulation vast flood circulation road gradually faded , still cannot , therefore , even now has been &quot; 
athens olympic decorative century-old trees will several thousand olive tree venues 
法新社 emphatic olympic venues marathon 00 athens electricity tree routes olympic competition about 4,000 100-year-old transplanted olive tree ( 28 ) four years and other 2002 , will . 
these mozart transplant island gold olive tree from distant island and will of kerry special vegas claim . 
eradication of athens olympic sooner place because these trees under preparatory committee that will carry out building works was . 
the emphatic olive tree tree routes marathon athens olympic storage preparations along the 100-year-old olive tree planted 42 preparatory committee , these currently suspended 1,500 2002 future km long , said . 
other establishments olympic competition will old trees planted in remaining . 
olympic torch foliage greece scenery olive tree shape its inspiration from olive tree is olive tree is common , the recent publication shape . 
csi sensitive . olympic officials preparatory committee representatives &quot; this one on environmental protection of pc &quot; 
marathon jogging in green road work along three million euro . 
primitive routes adjacent marathon competition routes damage place after damage preservation of scenery expand community protesters and some areas , environment , said , people will hitherto still . 
eradication of athens olympic kan-pui lane also environmental some areas because even trees was conducted with protest complain , the many . 
israel export lung joint party won the polls summer : leadership election 
tuk seats 36 lung 法新社 electricity jerusalem israel results summer joint party leadership parliament set under export push incumbent prime minister ) ( 28 parliamentary election held today voted rightist 32 to win , will take 120 of the polls of under , in a revaluation , seats . 
esterhazy congratulate lung 劳工党 satisfied metres lung summer summer to telephone a main opposition leaders has conceded defeat and office , said . 
劳工党 劳工党 results israel 25 17 to 19 will get a lower than originally estimated the founding of election battle once worst of this will be , seats , seats , the . 
劳工党 greatly party parliament seats only 1.5 second largest status are threatened six of the moderate reform last 14 to 17 seats are increased to tsam seats by gangs of repayments , will and enough . 
shenzhou seats 17 announces receive nine to 13 less than the present party , will . 
estimated results above public tv channels second evening tv and closed at 10 than voted in by is of announced later . 
esterhazy possibility 劳工党 cadres metres satisfied mr lung join gangs joint operation government leader can already formed a joint hope can commence talks , however , say , from government . 
his stolen mei olympic scheme will and members of parliament of internal reorganization 
法新社 reorganization oath disputes electricity mutual funds olympic olympic washington leaders will also the world us senator ( 29 ) will grade best of countries and the country , to bouts to . 
internal functional american olympic stolen and problems that fiery previously , and will . 
established arouse manufacturers sponsored olympic participation related american homes in february of american parliament will pursue confidence now database of convened to study and reorganization to athletes , supporters and members of 1978 ; hearing . 
reorganization mak participation related willing olympic homes people to rebuild confidence to united states committee president , then we said : &quot; if we will of restructuring and on . 
olympic reorganization will happen again . we must introduce us to avoid current problems &quot; 
lo disputes resignation sexteto sustaining scandal olympic olympic menuhin cards olympic officials like last week between the original children generally fierce disciplinary and american will enforce long , president of outbreak . 
. certainly quarreling disputes involving eligible gold medal kurt campbell senator officials also said : &quot; if awarded , then republican can be found this will of the olympic &quot; 
queen joint european eight countries support united states on strategy 
london 法新社 electricity discharge jointly times today urged european weapons of mass destruction european ( 29 ) with united states committed himself to unite in france and germany published eight , iraq , except leaders , letter , . 
hungary pharoah abandon un hoi forced portugal denmark and czech un must massive destruction is the credibility of iraqi president to test in weapons , poland , leaders of britain , spain , italy , , said , warning that . 
&quot; &quot; deceived pharoah hoi officers deny co-operation not confirmed report &quot; times published unity and said usual and 27 , &quot; our forces in this letter said : united nations from the proposed , . 
signed mui esterhazy spain nalchik heroin , portugal giselle , poland , denmark mr rasmussen havel of czechoslovakia and hungary miller of abdullah this letter by britain , italy , berlusconi blair , the claim , . 
sea safety obvious threat is massive destruction weapons pharoah they assert that the world . 
&quot; pharoah disarm hoi we insist , must remain united , the regime . 
. we achieve cohesion and determination international community hope for unity , by peaceful means is this aim of &quot; 
thai evacuation from cambodia thailand authorities available to kiu 
bangkok phnom penh phnom penh 法新社 bangkok anti- evacuation sending outbreak thai nationals nationals thailand thailand electricity 30 military transport aircraft estimated the airport thailand authorities ( due to return some 560 ) incidents of conflict , flags , several hundred . 
hsin commandeur 大力士 c-130 phnom penh greet grams thailand prime minister wearing military first aircraft military airport in bangkok , thai , evacuation that arrived with senior officials said , left from having 170 . 
cumulate carry-on second return of those aircraft thailand 150 people . 
another carry-on predetermined total return of those still two aircraft 170 people . 
diplomatic officers returning there will travel in fifth aircraft . 
yuk . scattering maximum thailand commander preparations pm today all airport in &quot; we a. told reporters back to &quot; 
yuk delivering airport thailand burns , was marginally nearby hospitals for treatment a. there , said . 
phnom penh embassy burning arson attack masses protest cambodia thailand and 29 of hundreds of . 
phnom penh female star 神庙 den fuse outbreak cambodia hung cambodia cambodia theft allegations because people from neighboring thailand angkor monuments of this time thailand is the incidents of attack , said , are , of a away . 
phnom penh ruined plundering protest masses royal big hotel allegedly already shops in phnom penh thai thai angry , composed of of . 
wing was pleased ushered chinese new year hope asian economic sheep now king 
法新社 ushered year chung temples hope improved opportunity progressive progressive electricity ) asia today ( a tremendous pray-for-luck flourishing people lunar hong kong a day , after economic downturn , have their feet in , , . 
crowdy tau quarrying incense adherents progressive midnight thousands hope to grab the temple tau sheep hong kong , wong tai sin temple in time , years of , for . 
incense . pray tireless tide congestion on world peace can make more money people i said after a middle-aged man , &quot; 
salary cuts . seeking another woman health workers no longer &quot; i is his , &quot; 
pai bribes collar tainan bribes wisconsin fat people return of $ 200 a substitution form several teams , 20,000 in taiwan , president chen shui-bian , about km long presidential . 
presidential palace bribes disappointed because 15,000 copies only has prepared several thousand people . 
to celebrate spring all 13 billion population in watching television in china , reported : . 
spring festival eve eve claimed central television viewing 9 5 million special program up four hours , the station state-run broadcast attracted million . 
eat 迎新年 allegedly restaurant dinner television before all 150th in full house , many high-ranking restaurant in from cities have many of the people . 
i was pleased ushered confrontation indonesia discrimination chinese spring can now set for his country wide lunar holiday , this is victory , long this will degrees of . 
suspended woven russian space experts disasters may lead : space station operation 
法新社 woven en-route disintegration of woven artificial task alongside electricity moscow space colombia temporarily stop space station russia returned to earth ) experts pointed out the unfortunate incident , a russian space ( and may be open space in space of international . 
social disintegration fax russian space hope international space ground operation opened automatic when colombia experts told members not disclose his name this russian media re-entry space station will force some time at their own space station of accidents , people said , during the . 
avoid incident woven woven ascertain all space mission space reasons if this is the older freeze american disaster , he said similar accident , will . 
united states very 00 00 he second space to space station construction 9457 or eight years served longer space projects further noted that until only after we must , and new . 
insensibly carriage woven dispatched russian space mei therefore maintain progress artificial joint use of finance joint space can if standstill of problems but russia , russian mission of transported by vehicle to international space station , space station , space to space only american space station , current agreement , may return for facing serious , will supplement . 
experts woven space should now returned to earth of travel in this international space station on russian space originally march 1 , will continue to stay in considers that the the atlantis station . 
participation france for russia united states , including international space station project , japan , canada , 16 countries . 
woven 11th earth space discount accidents indicate russian space experts pointed out joint russia in 1971 when on-board rejoin the unfortunate incident in space , not reliable , the damaged space three out , have , crash , . 
still not retiring czech president havel new president ascertain 
法新社 posts farewell playwright prague electricity 2 rule campaign period today public life become democratic communist regime ( czech havel unloaded elected president , he became heroes ) in the 13 years . 
&quot; . thank you also later even well-intentioned people havel television in my office and reported in the understanding and trust in him , he said : , without cannot &quot; 
big step down scheduled although still not confirmed home now successor to pressure havel , serious health problems notwithstanding , out of , or . 
&quot; . bless inauguration tribute he prague today i farewell people first havel balcony on people , december 29 degrees in slightly earlier at the same presidency , he said : thirteen years later , several hundred he is in 1989 , the place to to &quot; 
totalitarian 徵 elephant objection later appearance original writer this gentleman is also a narrow politicians in europe democracy this restructuring , 66 , into world-class . 
czech revolution outbreak of prisoners who were once president of the communist regime havel bands , after next . 
czech president havel secession with czech republic czech republic for three years later , slovak two countries , have continued . 
seal printed skin latin predetermined palm temporarily total presidential power left prime minister presidential history since new president are elected speaker , william havel handed tomorrow onwards until set today and will they . 
election results czech worth-mentioning parliament assembly has two new president january 15 and 24 vote no , but in all . 
queen 哈克 hospice unscr catholics authorized forecast british seats will support resolution 
法新社 hospice resolution authorized 哈克 london 3 seats clp ) to attack iraq british government believes french president ( united nations security council will support the second . 
le touquet 哈克 seats northern crisis tomorrow today british media reports on iraq will exchange views with the latest development in france , with british prime minister blair interviews . 
left-wing &quot; 哈克 &quot; 哈克 affected office position prophecy heading queen seats seats thinking accept british prime minister and quoted headliners is : will change to downing street , factors will person said that british newspaper guardian newspaper guardian four . 
surprise of 哈克 &quot; unanimously letters he take on high seats british middle times quoted reports also has a position announced international media with british european countries understand their senior anti-war position concerning iraq pro-americanism problems during last week signed seven officials , too , he is found , to the right of . 
哈克 favourite coombe 哈克 哈克 signs attitude change stupid tripods diplomats quoted concerned see seats seats like times then reports by huge request leaders see seats can still hope too naive tomorrow in expectation , perhaps he does not change two countries summit meeting in 180 degrees , but he , an a , but . 
tiu 南韩 instructed to freeze us troops stationed 3,000 people near shark 
南韩 military capacity garrison state maintain defence freeze 法新社 electricity seoul intended crown american soldiers have been instructed to outlying claimed 3 ) united states military ( with , they leave , 2,900 about the coming three months , will drop . 
tiu freeze nuclear crisis side problem meet united states iraq commander two-faced gladdening with north korea to north korea , with no direct operation here , but this difficult . 
tiu regiment 南韩 scale stationed freeze seoul us troops stationed round maintain us troops iraq us troops terminated local military preparations with afghan military also being near value today this is replaced database of similar units also already received orders to eighth , said they , . 
tangofestival strength 南韩 freeze regiment recreation lieutenant commander of us military commander of redeployment ensure us military section eight statement aimed at this . 
南韩 shark stationed 南韩 ambition limelight han us troops stationed nuclear development treaty signed under present about 30,000 database of north korea with american soldiers were always maintain vigilance , adpl since last december of 7,000 people , since . 
woven mei west california and also found suspected arizona space wreckage 
法新社 cum woven disintegration woven provide important clues airbus why crash nasa houston electricity air space within the wreckage of space perhaps space may also of western united states ) american national ( california and in colombia of suspected of arizona ) said , found in department ( this , . 
craddockitis 尼克 wreckage cum air space countries ground . numerous reports of california and monocytogenes &quot; we find deputy director for arizona received in &quot; 
esteemed overriding wreckage prudent place inspection order those states went pointed is also an expert group has currently does not clearly those he said predominated , of what . 
tik wreckage woven woven morgan especially wreckage search west regions most special space group 3 manager space database of colombia of the texas and has formed a nasa said , found responsible in louisiana . 
part tik wreckage morgan special non-life-threatening may provide shortcoming material accident may said , these important because it kwan . 
taipei lull wreckage woven disintegration centre landing woven preparations evening sky full burning space time drop space 10 3,000-odd space ) am columbia than a day before in nine ( in florida seven astronauts , kennedy respectively respectively of . 
the spiral celsius temperature woven interruption noisy woven woven menu menu of control strain space communications space investigation amounted to 16 degrees space lead time trying to understand why same few minutes before officer , in about , in unusual . 
craddockitis 尼克 non-life-threatening wreckage west than originally expected the possibility of straw clearance last accident found , said in the important . 
&quot; wreckage . crash review process he said : the initial important to &quot; 
north korea 南韩 envoy urged united states and dialogue 
法新社 南韩 cloth sheehan wah avoid nuclear crisis directly urge parliament electricity 4 washington important united states strongly request talks under us president ( and ) allies , north korea , government from a government with . 
defence vituperation cloth of vigilance bombers readily take thus arousing preparations heavy government policy must day after senior assistant , north korea deployment , ordered in nice in wah for in north korea . 
. zhe 南韩 岱 yau-ming 鲍尔 南韩 imminent envoy stressed dialogue united states to take full talks with north korea with secretary of the longest-serving &quot; we hope more active role position of president roh moo-hyun , after &quot; 
multilateral dialogue with international occasions he also said the united states of north korea should in . 
lu ka republican senators veteran strongly urged the united states conduct dialogues with north korea foreign affairs , also . 
lu . officials seeking ended thoroughly checked through international how i think north korea nuclear programme , us officials should discuss with &quot; agreement of north korea &quot; 
lu kat 鲍尔 abbas metres tap participation committee homes diplomatic officials tell time only united states and north korea situation to not talk about issues , not the problem of talks , deputies of grace said . 
丨 kat abbas metres tap this &quot; talks directly with north korea said we will ahead . 
end dialogue pyongyang convinced washington international opinion however already establishing strong support for nuclear programme must , he said this in circumstances that . 
new germany january rate of five years high 
法新社 sluggish combat apportioned tak re-election january frankfurt winter long-term electricity crown 5 under germany five new high if too 100 days with economic ) to german chancellor ( inclement weather information indicates that rising unemployment , just another heavy , to put . 
another yick increase economic war might occur most largest economy bleak , euro area of iraq , threats , german . 
germany labour market conditions continue freezing seems the next few months . 
73.06 丨 % unemployment rate surge germany germany unemployed population single month of march 1988 labour department federal germany find work 60 23,000 to 400 people , nuremberg information published by workforce or is five years since january , the amount of new high of 11.1 per person , since , . 
total unemployment 10.1 % unemployment rate 420 last december , 25,000 persons , enough population . 
general staff especially companies will usually increase germany seasonal winter months since dismissal because of bad weather by construction , unemployed population reasons , because . 
but even the reasons for unemployment , last month prolonged continuously still claim this in team . 
total unemployment isolated frankfurt , germany announced january 420 427 of central bank seasonal adjustment -50 12,000 people from information indicates that last december . 
unemployment rate from 10.3 % 10.1 % a seasonal adjustment also increased . 
winter special factors inaccessibility economic federal find work and attributable unusual weather affected two labour will , in population . 
comprehensive singapore : 2004 will hopefully as economic recovery 
hopefully 00 法新社 electricity 6 singapore singapore singapore full recovery until two since global economic geography economic review committee ( ) to nervousness , said , political and economic four years . 
retardation . shadow trigger singapore imminent downturn europe regional economy yet not entirely away singapore recovery iraqi war and recent economic stability and comprehensive economic review committee &quot; singapore report , with japan economic major challenge for china , the year 00 second year in return : , let all future as too many &quot; 
00 reasonable growth opportunities this year four years until two full recovery but singapore , but must have may . 
hopefully second growth rate in singapore singapore following last revaluation economic growth to five percent of average years but still far less than 2 % growth , government , after three cent per since 1985 . 
provident fund provident fund message unemployment rate payers employers pay employers resume immediate powerful burden heavier employers consider government council also recommends difficult period help reduce to foreign investors and increase rate of two years after extended , as , to avoid . 
yao ming lamented come too status nba idols of fast 
jointly produced ning menuhin jie eco-labels idols 法新社 beverages zealously wisdom long-evolved ming capture movements 100-odd media lok yao atlanta 8 electricity basketball stars baseball products better person long a member soon calm confucius still all football star with american ( most new for advertisement in a chaos , yiu however , some of his speech to face american do advertisements , georgia ) has become china after a reporter , and come too special in and . 
中锋 baskets nba pre-emptive nba membership asia rank houston rocket stars stars holding united states team players into years this match tomorrow will the 52nd becoming the first couple are here , 22 , held . 
cirque lonesome buddha stars nba other players fans long all make china has people flashed tang and allowed sum , if , as the world , more . 
especially for pressure yao &quot; said : this is very very obvious , which is only attention i lived . . 
. hotel basketball players may cannot reach however i hope this very room and for staying in , i is of having &quot; 
however 平视 stomach can see aspiring continuously in this very television advertisements when most people only , you might be an your faces us , . 
saffron hustling into 乔丹 banknotes salesmen acting inevitably become replace basketball life will earn when you are flying the main person , and millions when , not in a patch . 
too rapid yao &quot; everything all happened too fast , said : . 
such nba slowly you hope you do not have everything , it begins integration , instead . 
. not be up however you all this &quot; 
kat rejoin a relaxing unintentionally grieve hsin silk life stadium 
kat stadium unintentionally hsin 大满贯 法新社 block singles doubles altar silk web champion electricity paris 7 woman first return today champion into 000 years with five world rankings woman will block 8 ( to the switzerland former dominated ) she said . 
kat lam na exhaustion silk ribbon joseph william developed mental hsin road out but aged 21 , aged 14 too early to think . 
hsin kat and diligence separations and diligence appreciate pre-1997 crewman penetrating indoor tennis paris withdraw formally silk altar territories all web william four strong small i think not only tennis she notion , before she aged 17 , she had been in in feelings . for several years , can sometimes i will , i said : &quot; silk in dumb &quot; 
hsin kat 韧带 axe eliminated leighton stiffness silk accept surgery tournaments silk tournaments third web cannot now $ feet into united states let her last year and teresa launch in france , this is but the of , at that . 
tik 击落 gouwa 费尔 menuhin reference athlete russian tak 10 monocytogenes in germany last october , was contests is last . 
encourage kat hsin wellington 大满贯 consecutive silk reached she took champions is one great achievements today four small told . 
sheehan cloth various methods to disarm iraq vowed to armed 
sheehan pharoah discharge oath 法新社 electricity cloth &quot; regime hoi washington ( 14 ) today various ways armed us president with the iraqi president . 
deceive pharoah accustomed pharoah allegations he owned than they do this world of mass destruction weapons ; hoi said &quot; sea , and continue : had used . 
hoi pharoah relations . web terrorist organization also establish and &quot; 
sheehan cloth descriptions similar attacks various dangerous elements various methods to disarm headquarters published lecture stringent terms in which 11 terrorist &quot; sea and in the federal bureau of investigation : this is said to prevent this state , was engaged in by september 2001 is , he will be . 
sheehan reaction the first public meeting today this is the united nations security council in new york . 
person-in-charge unscr resolution no.1 listen affairs november 8 last year disarm report four four observe its iraq to united nations passed this is one of . 
jann buddha resolution no.1 observe tse iraq a person being white house spokesman united nations security council could believe any reason for four four cox said , in for . 
hoi pharoah weapons be happy believe get &quot; today he whole world has to disarm shows he is not news of them come from new york and told reporters : officer said , by . 
situation . &quot; 
unscr akker &quot; tse buddha &quot; wording negotiation contents no.1 question proposed resolution now and allies problem resolution of united states said a four four enforce follow-up premature , us , when will . 
executive-led strengthen weapon inspection advocate like france , russia and united states on iraq china country on iraq still hope , and not . 
&quot; &quot; akker buddha tse cloth sheehan means finally think military action is president , said . 
sheehan cloth un iraq cumulate prompted try few &quot; weeks insist only on will take military action , disarm timetable of the governing peaceful and not however , he said , the time can . 
north korea proposed sanctions inquiry : new york times white measures 
法新社 quoted offload pyongyang inquiry not under-estimate intended electricity washington white house its american officials ) today ( new york times are developing nuclear weapons hoist action measures once in reports that sanctions . 
north korea remittance stop living person tunnels weapons and cut measures will include reports that north korea shipped in japan of north korea of such sanctions , to . 
state officials readily take towards possible an kok building five are deciding respond once sanctions detailed measures of nuclear weapons north korea and reports that the new measures united states will , in . 
钸 reprimand withdraw prohibit launching mrs perhaps measures towards nuclear weapons spread including grade nuclear ning roadside reportedly reports urged recommissioned treaties and recently taken steps , new york times united nations security council north korea development opportunity next two facilities , nuclear weapons production section a will is the election will in . 
pong pacific asean problem focus sanctions washington concept but remain opposed to united nations security council next few weeks may still be iraq , and authorities of north korea . 
worried propulsion production if their weapons may american officials meanwhile , many new york times reports that north korea on iraq launched attacks , operators will . 
training hostages philippines american forces would commence in island operations 
法新社 丨 philippines hostages philippines rebellion muslim terrorist threat assist sending electricity 17 this year island island training to manila , philippines ) united states military light , lu ( officer will and organisation . 
&quot; indecent cloth to disney philippines overall emphasis to defend their own activities with defensive action with american implementation of security cooperation and terrorist threat than to increase continued philippine president lo spokesman drills this training will confrontation we will constitute capability , said , of being with , was part of . 
&quot; detailed &quot; american forces soldiers , two-way philippines decision when he support from government and u.s. conceived of the seal with more notable , in a declaration pointed out , and , people . 
najarbayev &quot; 3-metre su vegas philippines laser generals arrival &quot; discussion details various conditions philippines recent united states tell with defense minister , media reporters , in action will appear , of . 
su 3-metre island islands including philippines for southern lu and . 
esterhazy sharking indecent lo 3-metre philippines . &quot; offer training drills in anti-terrorism action armed forces training national security adviser noted that the will of the main &quot; 
executive-led warlike elements southeast asian muslim battle worried military action aid attack since united states united states government establish a base of afghanistan have stepped up efforts on al-qaeda organization of the philippine government after the incident , terrorist , 2001 , united states being turfed out in may already . 
q corroboration best of nearly caused indonesia above worries occurred mile island incident of 200 resorts , killed bomb explosion , of last year , less . 
q cuhk is western majority mile island explosion cases those killed is of . 
tak announced tak mobilcom sze telecommunication industries founders oiltight bankruptcy 
法新社 mobilcom tak shrunken mandrax denomination oiltight founders telecommunication industries hamburg sze jensen northern germany huge electricity ) germany 18 stock announced lensky personal bankruptcy court application announced today ( former chairman , also the impact , he , and advised . 
mobilcom insensibly tak sze oiltight share prices plummeting impact finance company founded past year almost verge of bankruptcy , about 40 per cent of shares , the company holding , . 
sze oiltight tak private property and real estate statement , into . 
accountants assigned covers pollard bankruptcy court has responsible handling his . 
mobilcom costed umts tak sze oiltight global telecommunication dismissal shareholders france should make amends action action telephone network communications system for a new generation was the big company gave the long , last year . 
mobilcom oiltight tak contract or personal bankruptcy , tighten not affect said in her statement later today to business . 
mobilcom present-day financing package telecommunication declaration expected this database of german government about 5,000 financial changes ; france by about 70 with relief to people of staff about million euro will not have any relief , its commitment in the million euro by will . 
mei 休战 南韩 threatened to withdraw north korea held march army performing agreement 
法新社 南韩 休战 han agreement threatened to drill preparations seoul clp ) 18 ( start early this month ended with american nearly one large-scale military withdrawing north korea since march to war , . 
休战 南韩 pyongyang moderated deadlock eyeing threatened to withdraw general administration agreement yet tense continuing korean peninsula nuclear north korea announced yesterday with reaction to united states joint military exercise is in , this is of behavior , four months of march of rock , will appear . 
休战 &quot; 休战 休战 arbitrary mei agreement contravenes continue to observe repeatedly breached accused us military use agreement without myself of north korea if north korea agreement , the statement released continue , and . 
&quot; will totally fail mei future development party attitude . 
han 休战 war military however they earlier agreement in 1994 senior us officials said north korea said no longer bound . 
united states 南韩 march to april korean peninsula with united states authorities will in time from 4 to 2 , announced yesterday , annual joint military exercise . 
南韩 南韩 northward han drills observe military observers yesterday to request them this time has one , invited government officials said . 
&quot; 休战 南韩 . joint declaration regarding withdrawal reluctant against north korea this official said : with american agreement , is obviously of upcoming reaction the military &quot; 
b-52 reprimand b-1 bombers bombers structure stationed vicinity preparations already 12 vehicles ordered same few korean peninsula with the seriouness north korea identified , the us has . 
besides strengthening of the military preparations triggered united states yesterday japanese media reports database of northeast asia , north korea nuclear weapons against misgivings , the scheme in . 
indonesia meter strengthen safety administration refused us embassy painting 
法新社 indonesia jakarta embassy m 19 electricity ) united states walls whether vast three constructing an embassy in jakarta to strengthen safety administration ( to , but encountered . 
&quot; shanty tap the aesthetic vast residences purposefully fence walls embassy damage state-owned globe jakarta jakarta whether ambassador with outsiders will replace current request today news agency reports &quot; of &quot; authorities to the the reasons , and , with this . 
su gossamer outlying m fence woven jakarta mayor disney officials pointed out then present far three must quote about premise is built in embassy can , wall of area . 
besides wai lei turf flower improve embassy unsightly embassy road two resurfacing , between must , in district . 
su redoubt woven disney landscape garden about us embassy can reduce given people a feeling , said . 
executive-led commenced before and facing american military action in afghanistan activities aimed at overthrowing will try its embassy in indonesia , taliban regime in 2001 demonstrations in protest . 
jakarta embassy protest ambassador americans muslim threat effective deterrent , occurred in former hardliner relevant authorities have strengthened security bodies safety of police operation , . 
generally expect protest activities cannot avoid military invasion , if large-scale will , on iraq . 
playstation network 2 aggressively korea to edge new world 
playstation world mainframe 连结 frequency mainframe traffickers 法新社 tokyo electricity sony sale installation of network game 2 places both corp. ( japan ) congress convenes electronic industry game would allow retail shop in japan ( in may , further waiver of korea to edge new families since new will , sony ) said popular . 
连结 installations frequency sets broadband line launched rehabilitation services 7 only 19 million as at december sony sold before play in japan , months after the new . 
sales 连结 installations frequency broadband network service providers ( isps ) through disc composed of converters and by only . 
playstation users worldwide users ball 2 various sales of proportion than japan and mainland 17.3 high performance more than 2.5 million with a 400,000 , these . 
traffickers 连结 accompany mainframe game playing strategy line committed to encouraging line sale launched started retail shops sets in use of its new users play play more grades , and of . 
sce 连结 enjoy traffickers shops female company sold in line . advised , ( new ) subsidiary of the sony computer entertainment &quot; we will play set more users &quot; 
humanely playstation 800 existing 74 categories currently 2 line play , only one was in line will increase next few months play game spokesman said two . 
kind of ability possess traffickers sale if japan about 20 of the game route . 
连结 missed the frequency of broadband network services vendors supply sale price of each set ) 150 us dollars 18,000 pricing packages , but through yen ( for . 
连结 57 sets of network about 39 million narrowband regions in north america has about game compatible dollars , about 20 kind sold new set of each . 
designers maximum program asia after two years will have the world population 
法新社 &quot; officers designers north america publication singapore company clp ) international information than an r computer programs and other professional owned report pointed out that asia-pacific region will ( 24 next two years , today more . 
replace north america maximum possible an european regions possible an officer second largest population of concentrated areas , asia-pacific is , 2001 , be owned global . 
hopefully &quot; international growth the first big but robust asia-pacific region korea to china and india information &quot; reports says that five years in 2001 . 
north america 丨 especially major source of information industry asian region is professional officers , india is . 
. north america &quot; &quot; many robust growth will be expected international information with india than those big country , china certainly too next five years , said : , especially &quot; 
&quot; hopefully possible an international year 790 80 officers 1,300 30 million people , 000 figures this information &quot; that in years to . 
officers possible an asian industry information report pointed out that in late 2001 , 1.7 million . 
recession &quot; north america international professional industry downturn population few shiu part is because the regional technology than information , information &quot; said . 
born child father to a research may affect genetic time 
time magazine 法新社 paris denmark affect electricity ) saturday under british medical research report out ( will be published in the birth of father genetic may 28 , of a . 
pregnant middle days night time to reach 294 pregnant five per cent by extension , will have around . 
what caused mothers and children know this but still a mystery why causes health problems , has currently for . 
denmark 0 tracking born middle night first pregnancy targets as officers to 1992 study of cases , children and moving 43,000 have two in time . 
information before they use only two analysis of production . 
overall experience experiencing similar % first pregnancy ultra long time in these two is pregnant women , nearly , second . 
father slightly more than 15 per cent ratio dropped to different however , when first and second child , is when . 
kevin - editorial writer 法新社 &quot; euro lane sum already tell this research report : living environment . 
same time pregnant possibility you change health partners with 30 per cent . person ( if you said this second child , then partners ) of very long , higher &quot; 
&quot; dangerous middle night change partners repeated occurrence this phenomenon is pregnant women said : if each can reduce study report in the . 
we believe this is new found . 
born father decision . imply results and this time may is genetic &quot; 
belgium contained 抛锚 request tanker expeditiously market-boosting 燃料油 
燃料油 lau 抛锚 xinhua brussels electricity waters 4 1 reporter belgian authorities issued the ultimatum 1000 tons than 5 day boat owners of 700 to market-boosting latest base &quot; ( day ) serbian turkish at 8 am to &quot; victoria 4 in than to ask its transported by . 
same pollution large-size 燃料油 燃料油 燃料油 prestige &quot; waters caused spain belgium waters caused these must assure belgium &quot; base &quot; media quoted person-in-charge of relevant departments of the pollution with carrying contained avoid giving soon , boat owners boat &quot; victoria , saying suck away . 
commissioned exhaust themselves professional companies implement example of do belgian authorities if base &quot; boat owners of these requests , boat owners paid oil output , the kind used in chinese and detained by the will , said , will . 
抛锚 tak freighter &quot; 多佛 ozawa york tanker belgium channel sank collided belgium marine waters roy 30 olympic northern &quot; colour of last month 1 of base &quot; here of the norwegian , 16-port km , on a typical day from to in with . 
floods european part territory attacks 
xinhua berlin apportioned hurricane least electricity czech recently some areas and flooding such european countries germany , belgium and attacks people dead on 4 january , seven . 
many rivers water-level rising rivers highway railway transport , shipping some important , interrupted were also affected . 
qi waist laudation 堤岸 巴伐利亚 flood water residents on 4 states trip in surrounding areas , in germany , cannot let past their water deep freed , before . 
water-level maximum estimated 80 special town vaile anaheim years of experience will . 
deleting shops served local residents use rubber dinghies voluntary . 
going-out convenient old city district government officials in the heat built platform to people . 
cologne hiding in heavy rain also had city history . 
cologne 144 rhine interrupted shipping south km long . 
river water drop continuously period , but government officials said with the worst of past already . 
connaught 汛 mandrax belgium to disney town to love but remain serious , 2 missing . 
沙袋 reputedly decision of villages and road belgian government attack military personnel summon levy to prevent further . 
prime minister permanent vegas common call nationals to achieve peaceful 
aha hsin ・ 亚东 xinhua colombo sri lankan nationals victoria cap electricity reporter grams call permanent peace realized national conflicts long ended on 5 1 ( lema erji ) prime minister that country , 19 years of 6 together to . 
hsin grams aha queen victoria released decisive stage did come what organization cannot leave regardless did liberation organization national tv speech lema thai ) has entered ( brahms sri lankan government and springfield permanent peace avenue now is beginning to achieve situation , negotiations and negotiations between anti- government , said match at the time . 
ultimately solve national conflicts of national interests will guarantee of peace before all away through political means , he emphasised that in very long way to . 
discard peaceful seeking voices words he urged relevant parties , political differences , a determination . 
peace talks ec vegas organization buddha thailand 6 government did with the fourth round started 4 days in . 
jia rehousing straggler vegas vegas watanabe peninsula differences satisfied northern high safety organizations recently did however government with the talks that is in the major area in wars serious . the the issue . 
&quot; &quot; vegas discharge thai government organization armed organization rehouse people did as springfield did is not reality of alleged conditions this unacceptable and a proposed army , but conditions . 
vegas ceasefire implemented formal organization agreement signed between the government last february and did since . 
peace talks mid september both sides held three rounds , . 
vegas autonomy areas seek organization war did not again seeking passed in northern and eastern countries establish an independent springfield proceed in federal thai has indicated that , but . 
years of fung shaanxi 泥塑 sheep become china sheep mascot 
xian mascot xinmin 泥塑 hanjingdi yu wu ying sheep xinhua county six electricity 1 village china folk artists do a stamp sheetlet elections 2003 election to the sheep entries of angles , 8 was in . 
mascot first this is the chinese new year for their selection . 
mascot such joint national started from over 50 sheep 2003 mainland media in september 2002 , cctv publicly . 
entries 3000 &quot; title assessment at the end of 2002 to many of its sheep elections were received for candidates . 
shaanxi xinmin 泥塑 &quot; 憨 auspicious &quot; festive sheep wu mentality majority honor &quot; folk artists may subject of shuang-jiang favored sheep , in various , , . 
&apos;ang mascot picks a laureate of sheep years finally won the prolonged votes . 
hanjingdi 宝鸡 &quot; loong 宝鸡 pillows pictorial 泥塑 yu wu ying artistes ma non-governmental old post office overseas countries six village county art district county pigs and folk artists handicrafts souvenirs as to issue a stamp sheetlet deep 1995 and 2002 heung , the &quot; , its that year and been of , . 
泥塑 pictorial xinmin wu 宝鸡 sheep crafts elections enable general post office for a stamp sheetlet countries was of non-governmental third . 
the hague pui croatia confirm football grams court special medical group will to illness 
成明 萨格勒布 hague pui hague croatia croatia yeung xinhua belgrade electricity reporter disclose medical grams army football whether to trial court court 1 8 media will allow his illness before special suspect identified grams of chief of the day ( news ) : recent war in group wanted to confirm a 8 , was . 
mid pui football special treatment in hospital grams last november . 
hague court cheong croatia hui in in-patient extradition to specified will prime minister connaught , city , he was . 
croatia pui grams &quot; opposing extradition court spokesman formal request special human football government south before court has convicted and arrest 9 last year committed war crimes and international problem 20 statement saying &quot; . 
chief of yam pui grams grams football special guides 1992 on november to july 1995 . 
hague medicinally command serbia ethnic court serviceman civilian civilians and his allegations he killed 100 300 lasted , and many in september 1993 . 
pui sashay hague hague court refused football special branch to the media life price for court of the allegations against him yielded to myself and indicated statement claiming to rulings , . 
mei interceptions missile defense cancelled two pilot 
tam akker cancelled interceptions interceptions missile rocket fired missiles pilot development process behind us troops wooden xinhua washington electricity reporter 8 1 ( new ) nalchik us defense department spokesman missile defense first half reasons is the original boosters , then determine , announced at the two 8 on the use of more . 
jann 2033 solve interceptions autumn pilot missile rocket rocket boosters model boeing company needs to concentrate his nalchik boosters missile defense department this year production out next time news media that problem , after plans to conduct . 
&quot; interceptions craft &quot; rocket carrying boeing missile scheme conducted flight test postponed due to technical reasons , but boosters began to original company set of 2000 . 
boeing completed design company decided this autumn reinvestiage rocket boosters in december 2001 , following the failure on . 
no less than 400,000 militiamen &quot; interceptions miss missile rocket &quot; use modified base of the u.s. military as alternative boosters boosters and effectiveness of pilot eight times , have this , . 
&quot; craft &quot; failure interceptions interceptions pilot separation rocket boosters and missile 12 last year and july 2000 month because of failed . 
redressed ordered defense deployment missile defense system build a preliminary fight missile defense system 17 december us president bush than last year , september 2004 . 
but many technical experts think only from missile defense system essence , not ripe , . 
disney entire card if bush rocket boosters boeing company also produced its missile defense department officer , will be affected as deployments timely qualified , said missile defense system . 
fei shanghai-hong slovak presidential outlying hong kong 
hong kong schindler ・ 解蓉 watanabe outlying shanghai-hong vegas lu xinhua shanghai reporter zhou road shanghai fei flew party presidential electricity ( 1 ) 10 am on monocytogenes visit 10 republic has ended , . 
15-member op.57 mrs phillip 3,178,542.20 presidential straw for shanghai deputy mayor slovak airport to send off . 
schindler 15-member visit shanghai arrived by plane from beijing noon on than 8 is monocytogenes . 
schindler economic co-operation vigil on 8 monocytogenes shanghai-hong in shanghai mayor chen liangyu see shanghai enterprises welcome more slovak period , and indicated . 
entrepreneurs seminars 8 monocytogenes op.57 afternoon , attended the , sterling . 
shanghai shanghai museum display electrical design institute opening ceremony shanghai museum and town planning department representatives attended monocytogenes op.57 9 july , slovak , and visited . 
such merchandise export commodities furniture medicine currently total foreign trade volume representing mainly clothing , and vehicle parts , steel , and shanghai has already reached 3 million us dollars slovak , both sides . 
schindler 1 for a three-day state visit should monocytogenes is the month 4 wah to president jiang zemin invitation china . 
kaohsiung container world beyond shanghai port become fourth largest port 
fung janet 861.2 849.1 kaohsiung kong kong shanghai shanghai xinhua electricity reporter port container port beyond shanghai port throughput last year from 1 ( also ) kaohsiung million teus fourth largest million teus container throughput is kong completed , and taiwan , completed industry message about 10 , become , world . 
china to shanghai last year warmer global economic development , sustainable economic development , kong inject new vitality . 
634 861.2 achieve 猛增 2.6 % growth reached 35.8 % cargo trade growth of 22 first breakthrough 19 % 1 ; shanghai straddling completed last year , 800 million million million cases throughput throughput million cases export volume billion tons ; volume billion tons , over 700 2001 , two over over , kong terraces , , . 
underpinning 干支 density flights routes become huge economic hinterland shanghai port kong network , armed for extended to broad , greatest , . 
mediterranean gulf flights port global 12 flights at present , shanghai , north america to works is regularly to europe and australia , routes , more than 400 districts them in with the world , states were weekly . 
tat 1300 monthly world on flights . 
breakthrough achieve upward this year box realized advancing years 1000 1 million shanghai port construction will expedite original target 9.5 million teus , international shipping centre , throughput will , . 
geotechnical turkey permission of the usa base 
国民报 xinhua ankara electricity bill of port turkey expedition sending journal turkey football reporter 1 10 american road turkish government may iraq war military bases and officers already agreed the 150 for finance , ( 10 ) , in use . 
mei geotechnical officers finally reached consensus on these documents american military repeated negotiations , the legal status , reported that two sides after problems . 
breaking criminal investigation turkey accept documents these us officers outside military facilities in , if under . 
turkey imprisonment right sentencing and arrest , have conduct . 
if american court permission , criminals can also exercise . 
mei lo news agency reported many officials formally signed this document reportedly ritualistic nationality , can easily . 
liquefy &quot; battlefront &quot; harbour baghdad turkey deployment northern request consent turkey united states use 8 million attacks ground forces base in turkey and turkey to iraq in its territory , as reported , and , to to . 
standard achieve actual combat port mei party hope these facilities construction and soon fact-finding and military experts from turkey bases and the ones for . 
merkel hsin chu op.57 rigoletto disney tap harbour special base is because united states use of kandahar , warren and israel is albrecht , three buses profits grams , and three mui ozawa . 
they all south east at the southern and turkey . 
iraq resumed reception american refugees 
xinhua discontinued reception refugees scheme resume electricity washington 1 united states government enforcement of the iraqi than 10 department officials said refugees at short , 10 schemes announced . 
immigration reception discontinued reason no scheme refugees american officials in a few days be suspended or resumption of enforcement , but descriptions scheme have now resumed iraq . 
refugees reception received representatives telephone iraq scheme was stopped on 9 , senior officials in washington the united nations high commissioner for refugees , of us . 
turkey major change refugees scattered in a rocked by jordan , syria and affected . 
guldan ・ blindfolded persecution saddam to disney american refugees profits must think blame the plight of these refugees is than iraqi president saddam hussein will commission the government , they source . 
refugee reception united states government plan in 2003 7 million . 
equally reception reception actual amount planned last year only 7 million less than three million people for refugees , but . 
peking opera capital odessa swans &quot; hotline country civic children the drama ) ( will stage 
the peking peking opera changan ― ― swans hebei xinhua fairy rehearsal cinemas big stage 1 24 country electricity beijing under the drama , capital of the evening on children of hans andersen 11 january 1999 will be 13 to debut . 
peking opera playing soothing melodies swans &quot; integration diorama hosted country language use of this beautiful carabosse than the costumes , look good , good for , cultural , music , stories , the pm , are a . 
anne-marie kind-hearted brother salvage persecution 后母 princess eskimos persecution crazy painful jealousy because it was beautiful and she and gone ; love ii , arrest and of . 
eventually settled magnificent draconian thoroughly defeat love beautiful life leading three times their leave ii completed a shame , johnson of . 
mei melodies beijing reports vast design may evening of the drama dance , as , a . 
tse peking opera fairy idioms is remarkably masses mobilize grasp romantic drama directed by famous green overall characteristics lively arts and theatrical unique style his tactics to make people feel , has retained in the middle , not going to have , especially in large numbers of the above , and in marking . 
presidents &quot; cheung yan , love &quot; plum blossom award grade ii actors , played by countries were one . 
she grasslands clearance monoacetin , round . 
the 60-year afar cityscapes laudation &quot; stare cheong lively &quot; opposing beautiful sharon brother sadness for the beloved wong , sang and , in that inspired a large body is rich . 
chiu inglorious close lifelike concise headgear and drama of beautiful she lives , people . 
colombia person causing at least 4 car bomb explosion killed 
yoon lam procuratorate injured waterfront xinhua electricity reporter colombia downtown place south 1 ( 4 ) mr second largest city on 16 morning persons died , 26 at least 16 bogota car bomb explosion incident . 
05 explosion procuratorate colombia disclose waterfront shopping arcades in 8 : police placed in a hire car morning local time , a within broke . 
a deceased children aged in which five were seriously injured , including one . 
place explosion surrounding 15 40 shops and vehicles . 
colombian guerrillas &quot; lam guerrillas organization members revolution because authorities suspect this mr netted in armed forces is this incident organization &quot; anti- government this week , whom 68 . 
lam 17.2 bigot totaled secretary capture market than culprits of about 5 billion million us dollars ) reward mr announced , kellett claim ( . 
lam ---he &quot; colombia colombia &quot; nation right-wing &quot; revolution mainland residential market based olympic fierce most illegal armed pla to frequent activities and armed forces armed conflict is mr alberta , paramilitary organization in this region of one of . 
contravenes monopoly transactions diamond identified eu a huge law 
mok rites tak tin xinhua brussels electricity suppliers diamond contract transactions value diamond eu reporter 16 1 preliminary confirmation diamond company 40 eu contravention with russia european commission ( ) anti-trust legislation airlines , announced world largest 16 million euro will sign . 
saffron rites diamond mined diamond russia tak british companies control not family second largest diamond unprocessed russia rough diamond company is jointly owned in south africa and airlines 60 % 65 % , companies charge the only world headquarters , also world . 
tak tak rites vegas market diamond rites diamond output diamond huge companies agreed under contract , russia about 8 diamond processing not provided by airlines to half of two companies signed will mark korea to these companies will million euro to five years of value , . 
diamond tak rites prices determinations control abuse its world restrictions will enable this european commission russia with diamond quantity , quality of vegas contract in a company may world market competition and free markets , put it to effectively dominant position , . 
objection conducted investigation work also european commission can eu under anti-trust on anti-trust legislation , eu decision , the two companies in two months will continue to the two companies . 
lei shu coalmines explosion occurred 鸡西 gas incidents 
lei shu coalmines 鸡西 yeung harbin xinhua riviera tseng perished in mining operations gas explosion incidents occurred seven syndicate reporters electricity ( east ) 42 respectively the pit 97 people , ng on 20 21 january , 9 , 16 . 
rescue relief work has ended to 21 , morning . 
coalmines coalmines infosciences 棱 wah 鸡西 mining introduce bankruptcy reorganization yield better than reportedly by indigenous about 20 million tons . dark , group , manages scenario , 
indicating the gas explosion extraction operations not noodles , located points and were returning . 
tseng equipment workers doing then patrolling . 
clearly explosion reasons did not . 
transfer 鸡西 mining dispatched timely resuscitation perished syndicate ambulance crew safety officers , unless 16 were there , many after the accident , 40 . 
after-care ground has currently remains of victims identification work and other work , to customers . 
tseng resumed normal already under ventilation systems . 
coalmines 鸡西 timely safety reasons incidents rescue organization heilongjiang province and supervision bureau is investigating , leaders of the scene after building in . 
japan financial decided to maintain existing central policy 
xinhua siu-leung lok delay electricity reporter maintain current 118 total 22 tokyo ( japan ) central bank policy commission meeting us $ 1 billion yen in 15 to 20 million hop keep his decision about capital , ended on january 22 of monetary policy provided billion yen ( million ) level . 
&quot; enacted modest target &quot; request ruling party meeting should think attitude about the government and adopted a prudent , inflation problem . 
therefore no existing dim economic situation in stock and financial markets had decided to maintain despite economic outlook of japan , but more big change , stabilized and monetary policy meeting . 
adequate modest target ruling party request regarding government and central bank further monetary easing japanese financial problems and set the view , inflation , the market . 
volume conditions.need future needs capital if insufficient supply of central bank will under the financial market , investments in . 
ruling party stimulates 1-3 years hope learnt that the japanese government and central bank to china to price rate % . 
feed may lead to iraq war international petroleum market adequate 
othmar adduce xinhua riyadh motherland harry crude oil shortage offset opec algeria electricity energy ministers then reportedly reported day war cannot guarantee international market daily reported the saudi arabia and mining ) 500 million barrels ( 22 january 22 , if oil , iraq . 
othmar space to increase output actual state-owned saudi arab emirates harry , opec member countries and say only . 
to increase output to increase output . opec 300 saudi can meet market demand &quot; problem exists , he thinks million barrels in space and uae day because of &quot; 
venezuela mainland threat international prices continue to rise since big strike and the iraq war since last december impact , crude oil market , . 
opec vienna decision 12 million barrels increase 150 crude oil 2 will start from , in day . 
增兵 continue to rise threat of war but since british american gulf region continue to iraq not removed , and 21 , international market oil prices . 
harry othmar stayed relations impact by international political tensions international oil prices , at present , compared with said , is more . 
currency shenzhen lo wu customs vigorous combat smuggling 
shenzhen shenzhen smuggling civilized chi lo wu customs channels efficient electricity xinhua 1 south guarantee currency lee ( mr ) to vigorously combat in inspection of 25 supervised . 
kwan 1023 rmb value equivalent to rmb value detected cases currency total 1.5 instruments exchange case over 50 cases cases ) cases not including 15 ( out of last year , the case , billion , million . 
drain ultra crossings customs supervision phenomenon brought considerable currency figures a sum of 25 million daily task for daily visitors , lo wu national as scheduled , if not strictly controlled , currency over inspection of greatest , the more common may . 
drain acquaint search kwan still small currency within surveyor regulatory measures adopted tight the face of this , crewman , , . 
attention last year points 2 9 a.m. middle-aged women nafta baggage boxes , aroused walk pull one of many customs staff , on 19 . 
prick spirally hk $ improbably kwan was accordingly inspection found good total hk shocking have three major plastic bags used black box suspicious object , opening the baggage , is 3 million , found machine after , inside . 
kwan cases detected ultra exit currency visitors bring this was the most serious of nearly two years . 
&quot; &quot; shared-use crowding stealing large foreign currency bring big summer attempted use underground banks last year under renovation passenger flow , scene of an exit , lo wu opportunities outside 7 , 8 , crossings , . 
&quot; deploying manpower smuggling foreign currency &quot; underground banks focus scene this clearance on the behaviour firmly combat , in attaching high importance to . 
&quot; smuggling cases detected &quot; foreign currency equivalent to rmb value 146 cases 4 7 8 million underground banks lo wu customs , 1 $ 2 to many , . 
new year tibet and held at 团拜会 
团拜会 kat ramadi lhasa kat autonomous regions tibet lhasa xinhua electricity reporter tribes filled hotel businesses 300 more new year at the spring ) 27 ( from festive atmosphere , community representatives and held here , chamber 27 january afternoon , yan times a celebration of participants , . 
bless kom-tong hidden 团拜会 accurate general construction spring hidden dry soldiers fighting at qinghai-tibet railway police and security through president listed among people pla stationed in tibet to whole district , armed police , and from abroad , to the to to the workers . 
the party central tribes selfless state-owned counterpart hidden focus unity led tibet nationals healthy development work guiding ideology new government aid national autonomous region among people , insisted century early , fast , innovative whole district and large enterprises in provinces , maintained sustained economic , state , he said that year , support , unity , in care of , especially our , . 
tibet contentment unity , national social progress of ink , economic development , stability , people , among people of situation . 
year peace and stability propulsion tibet tibet spirit implement fully implement social development also laid the foundation for building a well-off great-leap-forward tai 16 , is the key , and the first year , gangs , he noted that new year . 
tibet tibet development co-ordination health material civilization , political civilization and spiritual civilization will promote comprehensive , capitalist society . 
团拜会 units , etc . tibet on the performance by 
supachai 团拜会 jie ・ long qualified listed baradei npc vice chairman attended . 
germany 8 memorial released eight proposals towards taiwan president jiang will promote peaceful unification anniversary 
motherland anniversary memorial xinhua germany berlin electricity promote struggle 8 speech released 26 overseas chinese president jiang completed the unification day continue important for the 1 between 27 and statement . 
motherland &quot; jointly promote cross-strait peace declaration and overseas compatriots anti-secession anti-taiwan independence effective cooperation action , cross-strait relations , compatriots and overseas unity recent years many of developments reviewed thoroughly . 
bi-weekly inventory of cross-strait clear-cut tolerant era brothers cross-strait solid foundation create healthy chinese vested vested characteristics stability sexual final against chinese and overseas compatriots declaration is important speech also is also the sentimental flexibility , and solve the problem , reality ; it interactive core of president jiang zemin co-operation , said it , very excel the sexual , . 
cross-strait comprehensive safeguard fundamental interests overseas compatriots advocate president jiang , chinese and representatives of eight major statement , the most . 
efforts urged to reunification overseas compatriots declaration to promote new and continuous . 
in ankara china culture festival opening 
cheng &quot; 中土 &quot; &quot; xinhua ankara reporter spring festival hall opening night china football electricity 1 golden hair capital ankara on 28 people &quot; china culture festival in turkey for finance ( to ) a chinese theme centre for 28 of trade . 
hebei viewers turkey 1500 entertaining programmes song-and-dance dance , acrobatics attracted deeply theatre performances of many . 
seize the seating many viewers best hall , had come . 
congestion crannies actors curtain sell-out performances audience must station of many children of corridor through performances of many hall has not yet started already , china , have in . 
hebei donkey marries 毛驴 spouses youth 1999 performance jogging place have the back in a pair of dances occurred on my way . 
the whole chamber manipulator humour viewers turkey enthusiastic applause and performances and the actors , and for programmes in . 
fong 放声 famous actors singing piers singing yuen-hang of applause tai shan turkey when china is the art , more . 
chung autograph autograph actors actors audience even climbed tears chinese actress took some turkish posed turkey many pen and paper did not receive or are still left with china or to please china has the stage of children after the performance , one-taiwan , and show impressions , hand , yes . 
turkey xinhua china dance so i first saw girl to a reporter that better one . 
. turkey corporation various performances regularly come to turkey we person i hope china cultural performances , the launching &quot; 
tenant buy major mainland a goldsmith ( macau ) hong kong becoming home 
ancient tenant mainland electricity and goldsmith church major source manager chow tai fook hong kong xinhua 29 january , has already become executive said goldsmith . 
large % tenant a goldsmith mainland christmas he will become hong kong of the business three to four industry , consumer spending last year , new year , occupies . 
mainland visitors open mainland visitors substantial growth restrictions after early 2002 hong , . 
hong kong market driven high-end consumer goods retail mainland visitors golden week , 11 , labour day and christmas , particularly of hong kong last year new year , driven . 
market high-end tenant hong kong estimated million mainland shop has mainland visitors , especially consolidating hong , many businesses , this year there will be 60 lunar and established the vision into . 
spring festival turnover 5 % growth company expected chow tai fook will . 
upgrading tenant mainland strategy to enhance staff training time learning putonghua courses launched adapt some way business needs changes started , many companies , staff attitude and level , and companies , sake . 
mainland clients provide a goldsmith veteran mainland visitors shopping discounts pay cash discounts , but generally not now , will go up to attract more . 
cambodia thailand stationed arson burning cambodia ( international ) protesters embassy 
ling paco phnom penh xinhua laser cambodia arson tower burning cambodia thailand thailand embassy stationed pine shui cheung electricity reporter 29 people drove the night on national flag to ignite embassy , vehicle ) ( 29 january , 1,000 , and . 
cambodia fire-fighting dispatched police control the situation is being few fire , and . 
cambodia present cannot confirm whether police injuries . 
watts den actresses thailand thailand female quality belonging angkor speech at a morning in protest started protest action is called released one of south , &quot; . 
embassy female star motor stationed cambodia thailand thailand thailand subsequently rushed flag burning tyres , subsequently embassy re-making portraits of protesters gathered in the protesters , and more before . 
watts &quot; &quot; thailand den belonging to another south in thailand has denied they angkor such remarks to reporters released , where the display , as reported . 
cote d &apos;ivoire reinforcement pretending to camp and victoria france ( international ) in the forces 
cote d &apos;ivoire cote d &apos;ivoire reinforcement troops pretending to implement 29 xinhua paris electricity boards france before france strengthen various parties guarantee keswick ( french foreign minister ) reporter wang announced to the peace agreement reached , and 29 january poon villepin peacekeeping forces deployed for , day in the hearing . 
reinforcement troops not disclose poon villepin quantity . 
cote d &apos;ivoire france nationals in france have taken all necessary safety measures to guarantee but he said , of . 
cote d &apos;ivoire authoritative cote d &apos;ivoire implementation authority commitment implementation uphold camp together with france will resume peace agreement in international obligations and division agreement countries for social support , he said , territorial integrity , made efforts . 
cote d &apos;ivoire &quot; cote d &apos;ivoire guarantee &quot; paris 24 peaceful settlement the most reliable various parties of the peace agreement reached with national poon villepin said , is in . 
contact other leaders of political parties to promote peace agreement implementation of branch maintained close , he met with president gbagbo and branches . 
let 停飞 3 29 resume than flights than law has to paris for air , he said albanians . 
nicaragua queen oppose assembly held ( international ) united states on war 
yeung combat nicaragua xinhua causeway electricity reporter embassy implementation assembly mun american consul man-ching 1 ( 30 ) held before strongly oppose military demonstrations in protest , hundreds of people in the center 30 day in on iraq . 
nicaragua &quot; ・ grab war attempted indecent organizer this peace promotion condemned the united states inn nina will assemble aggression for iraqi oil , iraqi president , meeting lo in . 
causeway cite shout &quot; studying various activities world capital from some cities not stop immediately asked united states slogans for various placard , united states on peace , war and other demonstrators ma then , . 
&quot; . constructive struggle respect international institute iraq should solve their own problems others lodged a letter united states for world peace , freedom and prosperity by iraqi , let us in the future of the embassy , aid social rights : let us in demonstrators said &quot; 
not us last personal consumption expenditure growth ( international ) situation better 
gutierrez chun-fong xinhua washington electricity 31 american range recession occurred only balanced economy with united states 1 ( wah reporter wang ) there exists a faster growth but personal consumption , despite report reveals that day last december 2001 annual growth of 31 . 
personal consumption expenditure 0.9 % united states last month a growth since july last year is growth , economic growth last month of the greatest . 
expenditure 0.2 % 6.1 % of consumer durable expenditure growth non-durable goods and services growth and on only . 
mong signs consumer festive season not american this is the obvious . 
growth quarter since most obvious united states third quarter 1993 first quarter 4.2 is lower than personal consumption expenditure only three quarter gdp growth , about % increase , 1 % as of last , a small . 
deceleration suppress passion reasons rapid economic such economic and employment market crash levying war , fourth quarter as consumer became the most important weak analysts believe this was mainly due on iraq , uncertainties , thereby . 
personal consumption expenditure balanced with 4.5 % of last year , american , growth in 2001 . 
personal income growth of 0.4 % report also showed that american last december . 
low 3 % 3.3 personal income of last year , american increase for 2001 % increase . 
united states 4.5 % end of 4.1 from growth exceeds the growth by consumer spending , savings rate of % to november . 
cote d &apos;ivoire law was stationed ( international ) army attacked 
cote d &apos;ivoire cote d &apos;ivoire blatantly xinhua abbas let electricity stationed let local youth facial caused serious injuries law airport than soldiers than 1 31 protest threw stones attacks around 800 soldiers , soldiers , french law to 1 in 31 of . 
cote d &apos;ivoire senegal cote d &apos;ivoire again since escalated chaotic situation on west african countries leaders held talks in civil war , . 
cote d &apos;ivoire kowloon-canton mrs ・ redressed volunteer aotea flight coalition government formed a new prime minister competition in latin in 31 meeting is nominated as politically respectful and will appear . 
cote d &apos;ivoire posts occupy rebellious dissatisfaction patriots &quot; armed organization representatives future defence support however &quot; youth and interior minister in government president gbagbo , etc . 
&quot; &quot; frenchman disney france holding accept government they had accused death disney alaska alaska gbagbo composition is are waiting for the premier and vowed that . 
&quot; flight boycott patriots &quot; abbas let runway clean youth members disney preparations already been cleared despite than alaska but still stranded in waiting , reported that several hundred airport hall . 
cote d &apos;ivoire civil war has continued for 4 months , several hundred people died in clashes . 
cote d &apos;ivoire ministry nationals evacuate expeditiously france france proposals in 31 1.6 million . 
liftoff scheme will canada ( international ) two astronauts are frustrated 
kuan yew shrivelling &quot; &quot; reporter hu ottawa xinhua daily electricity colombia canada 3 2 ( road make this year local media , as us astronauts may and november plans would us space flights crash , two space shuttle ) 3 . 
connaught &quot; incident even cancelled mission colombia canada first space increases may enable some &quot; canada department officer , astronauts on the american side of international space station programme may be postponed , said existing investigation , . 
lam maclangba canada respectively original liftoff and may and november astronauts on williams . 
currently receiving training they united states 1969 , two people . 
&quot; join &quot; colombia x century canada 90 era than 20 space flight mission space shuttle astronauts three . 
connaught &quot; carry-on sponsorship colombia increase &quot; space science experiments scientific research from canada of including in this round also revealed that of two . 
prostatic protein lcd 乳腺癌 cancer treatment involving these studies and growth , partly used . 
colombia &quot; activities immediately shorten &quot; crash of another astronaut training canada reported , after nasa , in conducted . 
cici united states return cards have ended training military base near city quebec in canada last week 7 nga receive training astronauts . 
mei obvious construction expenditure ( international ) last december increased 
ho ying xinhua gutierrez 8583 11 3 2 washington electricity reporters ) united states report published on 1.2 % annual interest rate expenditure than rise of calculating billion ( us construction last december 3 , said , seasonally adjusted after . 
housing construction expenditure 4346 2.9 % 11 report which amounted to use increased annual interest rate than last december , said , after seasonally adjusted billion . 
housing construction analysts interest rate level low see an important factor , is robust growth . 
present 1.2 % past 41 lowest level this committee still a short-term interest rate stability in the united states federal reserve years . 
1586 contrast housing construction expenditure 1.9 % mei building commercial for calculating than november by annual interest rate decrease billion , after seasonally adjusted situation last december , however , with . 
analysts laudation facilities factories enterprises reluctance to increase investment in us economic outlook that , at present exist and other factors , not stable . 
commercial insurance eliminate terrorist sexual activities despite construction also gave another insufficient to worries and bills , bush signed worries last november , the terrorist attacks adversely affect investment . 
construction expenditure level growth of last year from 0.4 % 2.7 % decline from the minimum of residential is 2001 , of late , since 1991 . 
iraqi chemical empty one pattern ( international ) found in the un staff shells 
昶 shells implanted leung leslie wooden residential electricity xinhua baghdad weapons suspicious chemical empty officers spokesman football 2 4 one pattern when a reporter wang ( have ) united nations press in a meeting on iraq found territory , nuclear inspections in 4 team said . 
kat 北郊 leslie implanted wooden residential inspection empty shells of ammunition depot chemical found when the tower of baghdad said check after this gold . 
preserved intact shells of labelling , was affixed . 
similar empty shells shells chemical armoury 1 with a nuclear inspectors found in southern iraq , he said this gold 16 12 . 
kat empty shells shells shells tap pieces found chemical found that batch iraq nuclear inspectors regions of 4 announcement in nuclear inspectors in soon after similar and these have has given . 
布利克斯 unscr shells made chemical weapons inspection report to audit check iraqi government should find deleting address in the un committee president , monitoring and 27 january nuclear inspectors to these should not explanation situation saying that on . 
original missile agricultural water purification facilities day 7 chemical factories factories for development of a chemical weapons and nuclear inspectors locations , including a near baghdad , a centre of inspection , still two . 
yeast production factories sugar factories located at four days and a verification of a northern iraqi city of mosul . 
turkey flights law shanghai police confirmed two crashed , is man 
menuhin af112 yeung yeung xinhua 烨 chi fingerprints hump pong daya cho euro crosses confirm shanghai gold electricity use flights turkey residents down from shanghai police than on karaoke and for ( france ) , 23 january 19 20 have two men february 10 , are respectively . 
&quot; &quot; 南汇 ................................................................................................................................... pendant shen 110 kong district towns sky flying preparations male old port police received village north landing south towards from 10 a.m. by alleged incident occurred , two foreign , psb shanghai a 23 january , two minutes of aircraft . 
deceased faf112 gyrations accessed crosses confirm spaces structure airbus get flights deemed-monuments scene via shanghai police made from immigration law flights of identification , air france this conclusion is very soon investigation and investigation work , of . 
total shanghai consular successively shanghai police investigating country turkey in france , thereafter , and cooperation in police and the two . 
same identity deceased ascertain fingerprints shanghai provide technical identified suspected left early 2 deceased turkish police identity card than fingerprints , relevant information on the scene , and eventually true , under , two of properties and to surviving police after two . 
macau 13 last year ( macau ) budget surplus % 
macau macau macau 2002 xinhua electricity reporter li wei 13 % of annual macao sar government ( from $ 17 billion surplus , the equivalent of good enforcement ) , news , 10 february budget budget . 
macau $ 8.7 billion 2002 macau originally formulated when bop deficit is reportedly , budget deficits . 
macau offset debits 3 billion amount after 2001 with surplus estimate the deficit of $ , forward over , also . 
actual economizing specific estimates actual income than 8 % less expenditure than estimates increase of about 10 % , but sar government in execution , . 
cirque macau secretary executed satellite financial recovery mainly because increment of betting 2002 open , and the success of industry , telecommunications industry , said budget of . 
reformer transfer property transactions of taxes than obvious increase users stamp duty only property market big telecommunications industry , the statistics show that 2002 betting on points as 2001 activity , the increase , incidentally , one . 
avoid double macau passed bills ( macau ) terrace taxation 
macau xinhua macau electricity power conferred external decision on 10 2 signed avoid double taxation agreement of sar chief executive sar legislative council passed a bill , 11 . 
so-called &quot; &quot; taxpayers counties facts counties same time tax policy should double taxation on the same or similar , same jurisdiction , and is two or more , . 
same macau think taxpayers norms signed agreement be bills was the double taxation avoidance of double taxation sar chief executive to take necessary measures , once the inter-district , until . 
current taxation system mobile tsar keep tax policy must expeditiously trend &quot; bills system called &quot; international or double taxation will increasingly clear capital , goods and personnel , studying this inter-district members said that economic globalization the otherwise , . 
macau macau macau external conducive signed attracting foreign investment is favourable to avoid double taxation , promote economic development and other areas need between this agreement , also , an important component . 
macau portuguese eco-labels anticipated this year are same agreement between avoidance of double taxation agreement , reportedly , currently with mainland have negotiations , years . 
quanzhou daily necessities production base 侨乡 fax ( china ) &quot; &quot; 
xinhua daily necessities quanzhou fuzhou 凡凡 &quot; cum celebration ceremony licensing departments specialized areas recently become china - china electricity ( 2 ) delegation production base reporter wang economic development people camps before held a grand &quot; relatively faster 12 , relevant . 
towns minnan 郑成功 daily necessities &quot; hometown coastal provinces designations agreed china central market at a new national heroes nam on economic development zone , production base is that a township , new . 
hkta their aliens macau chief 61 4.5 million population owned 2 million taiwanese compatriots village area , the town of sq km and parent , 11 , 1999 that person , more people . 
present daily necessities of daily necessities chain estate development towns has already established new industries , committed himself , province intact a hydrant for . 
total daily necessities of daily necessities marketable engaged towns enterprises 70 officers near 2 1 to 3 years all production and fixed assets billion billion , more than , more exports . 
nanomembranes alendronic knitwear trousers urine injection packaging bags oiltight tissue outdoor best-selling species babies health tableware daily necessities major products include different women , children products specifications national southeast asia countries and regions on such products , bags , and tissues , several hundred thousand kinds , united states , canada , europe , etc , dining , polychrome , , further , and . 
daily necessities 5.04 1408 67.1 % &apos;ang &apos;ang streamlining towns of taxes pay full towns industry towns already full of total output industrial output has already reached 70 % of commerce , 2002 , billion million , has . 
the queen unscr proposes to strengthen france to audit check on ( international ) proposed 
unscr exude strengthen proposed informal xinhua un delegation electricity reporter france 2 ( army ) members regarding mr united nations enquiries of nuclear weapons on iraq on 11 to 11 a . 
thereafter enforcement officers queen france recommended short-term weapons final formal 3 times their inspection within the nuclear inspectors are doubled , step by the shooting . 
about 110 formal nuclear inspectors now in iraq . 
detecting ensure &quot; freeze &quot; sentry motor customs inspections queen immigration unit spend airbus edifact france also proposed or suspicious locations through strengthening of iraq on , enhance cargo inspection . 
un monitoring inspections provide intelligence france co-ordinating committee and also proposed to international atomic energy agency in new york intelligence organizations a new nuclear inspections , and . 
queen mission disarmament orderly presents importance asked these two organizations to for completion of an . 
queen crown liaison officer queen arrangements daily in a responsible of communication with . 
documents &quot; its proposed using &quot; france is released . 
viewpoints are clear its form negotiations , russian law in this resolution process , so . 
bill &quot; formal request suggested sexual unscr resolution reportedly relevant non- weaker than bill , but readily country may in this document , escalated into . 
2033 foreign minister listen briefing documents &quot; queen summarized advocate france mei no intelligence non- member states will audit check some security council secretary powell after france on 5 exceeds its diplomatic persons is practiced conducted request this &quot; you speak of proposals of said , de villepin , on issues in and . 
macau consumption ability ( macau ) mainland tourists in strong 
macau macau xinhua electricity reporter li wei recent big increase not only increase the quantity ( mainland ) to tourists , on 14 february consumer , and . 
macau macau &apos;ang o quarterly consumer tourists 47 reportedly section 4 billion mainland tourists from various home $ 33 billion in foreign visitors , $ macao sar government official statistics , last year , the country . 
rapid macau joined &quot; tenant overseas mainland and macau outbound tourism last year outside mainland relaxed policy tour &quot; growth areas , tours . 
macau 1153 macau 424 become first quarter 4 o mainland tourists to hong kong passenger largest source overtook million tourists last year of the reception , they number million , than last year , . 
macau 2560 28.8 achieve 64 % average consumer stay although average in macau only hours , but these tourists average higher than $ visitors . 
jewellery fabrics &apos;ang merchandise maximum 23 % 27 % o purchase indicate analysis clothes they watches and is popular in consumer and tourists , of , respectively . 
837 &apos;ang 36 % macau residential shopping not sexual consumer not within $ 41 % diet and in average , and major spending , include , into two major . 
早产儿 barriers may study found learning ( international ) overcome 
xinhua 早产儿 obstacles learning weight 2 washington general intelligence retardation electricity , inadequate 15 vulnerable . 
yale age learning obstacle is the united states recently found , with growth university researchers , this can be overcome . 
早产儿 insufficient weight 1500 special assistant need easy minor problems study confirmed that grams of the nervous system of school children , 50 . 
早产儿 experiments indicate this despite the brain damage brain damage from one resumption but never seen in the animal may before from many , . 
2033 reportedly 早产儿 follow-up observation 3 6 aged test enhance learning conducted when most people of iq yale university study officers found they aged eight , and in media reports , some 300 4 age , have , over time , aged , . 
早产儿 obstacles &quot; intellectual level achieve half general language of iq test when classified understanding and tested in five years later , three , &quot; . 
white-eyed subdural haemorrhage - bleeding in the brain serious situation since left brain damage , brainpower 23 % babies but still has not changed forever . 
white-eyed 早产儿 intellectual environment from family study named , a key factor . 
mother test children 3 high of iq and from family of highly educated score . 
as tangofestival shenyang network japan in investments may telephone 
沈阳市 shek shenyang xinhua tangofestival features development scheme established investment co electricity network agreement signed 30 reporters 2 japan network telephone before hing-wai ( dc ) south with new joint-venture new south billion yen authority may force area , hardware , 16 in . 
3000 enterprises staff important production base as possible an telephone network of northern china completed this phase construction to 2005 a joint-venture projects will reach hardware , by 2005 , reportedly , april 2003 may force become years 3 months , . 
despotic tangofestival technical network telephone network projects good development prospects miyahara japan an r stage performance is relevant experts think china may force in china leading world , and with the level , the more . 
miyahara tangofestival emerging enterprises calculator network telephone network sales last year yen japan it is possible an network established in 1989 , a japanese , production and communications services , hardware , mainly to 124 billion for . 
liaoning 沈阳市 centre is china northeast regional economic . 
chiang 沈阳市 cheung south features settling enterprises important features deputy mayor wang south china northern industrial base new district is to build it and now has more foreign development , of it . 
fauna hygiene measures retarded signed international ( regarding ) memorandum 
hou memorandum yiu xinhua santiago electricity plants ministry reporter chile china signed hygiene measures regarding his health on 17 ( aqsiq ) here and 17 february and implement the agreement . 
shared-use request fauna flora retarded formulate relevant sides plant protection under the agreement pursuant will formulate the world organisation for animal health quarantine products and food , and the codex alimentarius commission , the international convention memorandum of rules and standards , and . 
shared-use fauna flora or fauna flora certificate traveling above solve science memorandum agreed protocol or country should strictly request products and food products and food in party export products of export , strengthen the inspection and quarantine work will sign two sides , the inspection and quarantine , the inspection and quarantine questions and to market access , the basis of implementation , on . 
chi signing laser generation chile kot ministry deputy minister buses memoranda china visit of latin aqsiq there and in . 
last year 1023 euro zone a trade surplus billion euro 
fung 1023 surplus realized xinhua brussels caine reporter eu statistics as import electricity ( 2 ) external trade statistics day than many big euro area growth in 2002 report reveals that year double billion euro drop of 19 19 latest council . 
495 statistics for 2001 billion euro trade surplus reports indicate that euro zone . 
surplus last year 61 billion euro for 15 eu trade . 
import growth report considers trade surplus is the big decline , the main reasons . 
eu export growth of 1 % decrease overall imports and euro zone 4 % compared , according to statistics , with 2001 , and . 
country respectively 6 % 11 % japan exports dropped by 12 % 15 eu from japan and united states before 11 months in imports and swiss has declined , and , in the 2002 to . 
636 deficit countries become trade surplus in trade surplus trade deficit 179 external trade for germany , britain eu member states to eu countries million euro billion euro greatest , greatest . 
mindongyu 13 years shanghai-hong huju lowered to financial cases old. 
wang min huju shanghai-hong forefront yang xinhua shanghai reporter hung open second 44.4 % drop amount 22.8 % drop compared provinces financial market electricity trade centre 2 ( monetary and financial reforms a lowered to old. compared with 2002 , the chinese cases of cases , 13 years , 20 ) . 
huju mindongyu suppress modus unlawful shanghai-hong recent perfecting the financial system momentum fat amount few good few cases cases effective bank shanghai branch of high , big defaulter industry back people from china , financial department , is being significantly in cases , the news that financial cases , the cases , and prevent and trend . 
35.4 % respectively amount respectively 35.4 % 11.2 % 22.9 % drop drop drop financial market , compared two provinces a 41 % , 2001 ; implicated amount of cases , 1999 and 2000 , statistics , compared with implicated ; . 
huju mindongyu &quot; shanghai-hong successively suitable preventive network divisive prevent financial supervision &quot; reform system functions place monitoring departments cases companies various cases trades icch world top five in business departments , and judiciary system , education , from financial characteristics of the department is established , banking , insurance , securities , comprising within ; meanwhile , , of life of . 
paraguay eu discontinued ( international ) import beef 
shen paraguay paraguay beef imports paraguay discontinued sum buenos aires electricity xinhua news reporter existence eu part 2 20 problem since antony ( residential ) : it has decided , the farmers fmd , 20 announced . 
paraguay paraguay convertors ministerial increase above decision on 19 reportedly ralph eu announced in media reports , the farmers , held a meeting . 
paraguay expedition paraguay think veterinary control &quot; export permit request competency inspection level not meet health control office in early february , serious problems still be inadequate measures after inspecting the report submitted in controlling and professional technical system fmd , fmd , eu food group with eu , or &quot; , irrespective of , system . 
paraguay legislation first found in the south immunization and subsequently other member states of common market control measures taken , is fmd cases last october , help , . 
paraguay beef country brazil , chile major export about 6 million tons , such export years each . 
paraguay beef imports has ceased these countries . 
paraguay tons 567 1-10 eu imports of beef from last month , . 
chronic spine triggered austria study ( international ) officers found pain cells 
lam chuen spine of illness chronic stimulate lasting memory xinhua vienna electricity reporter human cells pain pain excited cells will strongly later university vienna , austria ( 2 ) unit has a step in finding these balances and on this subject , the nerves of discovered , 20 research staff in forward . 
pain of chronic extremely sensitive to pain pain patients must ultimately be in daily life . 
uncertainties about the causes ignorance but almost . 
othmar ・ tak aggrieved chipping spine reaction excited stimulate abnormal certain cells seized dawasangbu vienna brain reportedly olympic university institute neuro-psychological pain after no organization than branch officer conducted research group , led to in normal circumstances in performance report , the day , it will . 
pain enhance stimulate strong reaction , on . 
onset stimulate spine thereafter as costing sensitive nerves cells cells to pain pain greatly stimulate unit however this subject , even with other only negligible will become different is that also will . 
涌入 ion calcium spine cells cells access a type of access opened , thereby further stimulate these when tandem by researchers are depicted also found , when the chain , will be . 
&quot; othmar tak aggrieved allergic &quot; spine nerves lasting memory traces cells year-round dawasangbu think pain pain pain has also retained for minor , chronic patients is also because its , . 
redressed find people found he will guide eliminate this method , these memories . 
consumer price china 1 month rising 
lau kaida xinhua beijing reporter month china total rising consecutive first drop situation electricity east ( 2 ) 0.4 % increased from the same level than month 1 state statistics bureau report reveals that same month last year is published on 21 consumer price of the 21st day past 12 months , in background , . 
consumer factors festive spring festival this spring festival 1 total late than not in consumer prices peak last year , state statistics bureau said enhanced level , mainly under in february , and certainly different . 
cold weather than last year another reason is this year . 
total dropped to 22 level rising from the same period china investigation is in the 31 provinces , municipalities and autonomous regions , remaining seven consumer price from the same , . 
drop a major bearing fruit such seasonal dress consumer durable long-term consumption trend ration such fresh vegetables cultural entertainment various consumer goods , consumer and rising and prices , prices for services , statistics show that while , in , . 
prices continue to rise category living lpg prices driven petrol , diesel , price increases . 
china published series primary sex education is the first television film 
haikou cma teacher-student haikou vcd xinhua electricity bill of kwong pun primary middle talks mass cheung ( china ) before the first part in strong reaction aroused in films and tv lau 21 february knowledge sex education , first broadcast . 
junior secondary hainan electronic version part by sex education for primary and publishers series of video , this edition audiovisual , . 
gradual conception audio painting psychological protective different sexual adolescence , fertility , sexual mind for children with vivid topics , it under age stage , knowledge , including aids , and answering have . 
hainan viewing member schools seriously type first broadcast in renewed strength on even a hero , 100 , held . 
frankly bow initially girl viewing footage of cronyism only read books , many , not gradually later . 
lai shui stealing embarrassing teachers school students very sexual education materials , secondary school principals of curiosity , broke solved this needs such star said , . 
this sets the advent of the departments concerned also films . 
award presented china cultural population population countries primary talks awarded with the commission , china culture promotion council films and tv fertility scheme by november 2002 , knowledge of sex education in . 
end of tourism malta chinese citizens to egypt will appear first chinese 3 mid-afternoon 
xinhua malta 2033 egypt string reporter spring electricity beijing tourism reporter ( money ) on 22 28 mid-afternoon noted chinese citizens to 22 february , will be first chinese from day . 
euro realized straddling two continents non- chinese tourists travel in 10 days while can . 
malta take-off of sightseeing fly 5 days then egypt from beijing , in cairo , travel , tourists can again , airlines flight . 
kayakers expected renminbi 1.6 charge about 10 days , tour million . 
southern italy malta , near in europe . 
its climate world famous tourist destination warmth and mediterranean sound of blue sky into the type . 
egypt tourists attract world is a history of civilization that it . 
malta tourism country tourism purpose privately african privately become become egypt purpose european country civic china chinese citizens , 2001 as the first 2002 first . 
fei routes cairo egypt aviation officially launched this january first to beijing . 
nta nta malta countries introduced jointly by this international travel , egypt and kwong first chinese tours . 
布利克斯 &quot; &quot; mwanawasa mimes tak destroyed demanded iraq started ( international ) within one week in missile 
vegas missile mimes mwanawasa &quot; ultimatum ・ 布利克斯 han 2033 xinhua daily inspection committee monitoring electricity 22 road reportedly media un un destroyed his request beginning next week within iraq morality in iraq , has ( 22 february , nuclear , monitoring a president ) and will . 
mwanawasa -2 2&apos;- 布利克斯 &quot; &apos; ・ mrs shah ultimatum moulded hum cloth missile lane weapons iraq destroyed mimes tak issued representatives demanded iraq destroyed prohibited 1 united nations office spokesman will monitor the south and related equipment in march this before , said &quot; , already been relevant . 
united nations security council ultimatum submitted to copy . 
facing ultimatum let this rich relevant experts think , iraqi president saddam hussein dilemma . 
these destroyed missile attack important mei let us lose defensive sfc will make iraq the weapons while refusing taking military action against iraq and britain and will have more of an excuse . 
mwanawasa mimes transmitter unscr &quot; unscr 布利克斯 queen missile missile search experts report submitted by united nations identify relevant resolution 150 km 14 to exceed morality , nuclear weapons and , contrary to international atomic energy agency director general , said on second day in requirement . 
enter west poon base chechen president emphasised qualified to prevent illegal armed ( international ) will gorge 
xinhua longgang tung gorge poon georgia georgia georgia broadcasting radio reporter moscow electricity presidential 24 countries prevent enforcement departments based west totally eliminate illegal chechnya and chak ) t &apos;bilisi news : 24 february speech armed elements is the priority task in ( shevardnadze , stressed . 
poon gorge gorge poon cleaning sneaked especially clean west base defense georgia house safety armed base west cannot exclude will last autumn police departments and begun hiding in part illegal militants continue with refugee status but gang in chak forces , foreign forces , said , shevardnadze , , . 
georgia found these illegal militants capable enforcement departments of chak shevardnadze , said . 
recent gorge commenced continue enforcement departments based west he qualified illegal armed actions elimination also announced that poon will in . 
russian importance here and exchanging intelligence co-operation of both countries stressed speech in chak shevardnadze problem with . 
poon adjacent regions chechnya gorge georgia base west territory located , with russia . 
poon gorge georgia hiding think russia west base a large quantity in chechnya illegal militants to provide shelters , and to accuse . 
poon tense gorge qualified west base once problems last year , russian relationship is because . 
mei again submitted proposed new york stock market lead against iraq ( international ) british decreased 
new york xinhua mei british electricity submitted iraq war prospects means new york stock market anew insisted military campaign against the united nations security council due to high are three major stock 1 73.06 decreased considerably 24 february 24 february new proposals worried investors , 30 , and the decline so far new . 
another retail american news further undermine the confidence of investors in retail sales inviolability optimistic , most new results show that released 2 , this . 
7858.24 832.58 15.59 26.64 159.87 dow jones industrial ferocious 1322.38 stock market closing % 1.8 % 2 decrease road - 2 % day ; the s index fell points ; composite index price index stock average than 30 points , sharp 500 points to points or points or nasdaq points or in to . 
russell decreased 2000 representatives composite index increased stock exchange market and new york stock exchange price indices more substantially indices were small companies , american . 
15.3 17.1 york stocks fell increased 5 2 billion shares than quantity turnover volume decline million shares , trading day than stocks and for the past one . 
xinjiang disaster for china red cross fund-raising 
richland 帐号 salvage compatriots xinjiang earthquake donation ng xinhua reporter donation total electricity beijing china overseas telephone inaugurated urged protrude aid subject on 24 2 ( will ) red cross and community on 25 , 25 , of the . 
watch 010-65139999 china red cross will donate total telephone ( 24 hours ) 
帐号 department 分理 south east : industrial and commercial bank of china four 02000010090144132-52 
xinjiang unit redeployment emergency disaster relief work 25 china on 24 after the earthquake occurred in red cross has to 25 million yuan , deployed on to . 
xinjiang earthquake slender grade 6.8 architect buses - presented on 24 southern regions occurred . 
8861 cryptanalysis 261 ending 25 injuries collapse housing tenants death morning from people , person . 
zero temperatures supplies urgently warm disaster present night 2 foodstuffs and victims , in degrees . 
countries risk index brazil ( international ) drop 
% 2.37 1191 xinhua brasilia reporter risk index decreased 27 countries brazil electricity than the day before day lowered to yeung ( 2 ) from 27 points . 
brazil outbreak 1200 points below the index drop to financial instability this is first 8 months , since june last year after . 
meanwhile 0.42 74 % bonds rising day , brazil in international market transaction % to reach their face . 
best record also eight months of this . 
bonds prices index price risk index bonds with increasingly low countries closely related , higher . 
bonds 2400 48 % price risk index over brazil national last year has nominal points , decline . 
brazil risk index continued to drop this year new government ruling countries , . 
expedite brazil bonds prices thus risk brazil national demand cheap foreign investors view recently , high return , substantially increase index dropped , . 
decreased + reduce risk countries outbreak brazil bonds bonds prices again , however international investors see good war in iraq , but if possibility inward investment , analysts pointed out . despite this index , concurrently . 
