this honourable Senate , last Tuesday , what happened ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee . 
i do not know what he admits that independent of the Senate committee and expected the too . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator . 
it is important to determine what these new Senate committee , supposedly of committees sitting , as some senators . 
that is one of the Senate committee was to attend to see my introduced in the last sitting of the new . 
it was sent a replacement . 
i honourable name , not individual senators . 
i am therefore nice , you can see that it cannot ? 
that was the fault senators will have to find in their own research . 
when one , it must accept the do a job . 
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate . 
they have their remplissaient much more that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i remember that in the February sessions held to the committee for the veterans of 1998 . 
it is then sitting in the House of Commons Ni or the Senate . 
all three of the Senate committee , they sat in the proceedings of women . 
the leadership of the Senate committee that were not able to find a man . 
i could cite the words , words , to answer the question I asked senator Carstairs took him . 
the criteria are as follows : " I asked was Quels ? " 
she said that it was the first report of the address in a representative of women . 
it was on the parliamentary associations wrote that in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only Les delegations formées . 
i have been replaced by Senator Finestone in on this matter , for a number of years . 
however , I look forward to enter the my association has preferred . 
i do not know how much about these two reports will be no Senate , when the honourable House . 
every time on television verdict is that the Senate . 
in other or wondered journalists or by a group of students . 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if we agree or any provided to participate in a position , it should be a Senate committee meetings . 
we are not corridors of the words in which the hon. members : 
do you today and in committee , there is a final question in committee to study Présentez " and " two years . 
they came to power , they do not even know what they are viewed stand to them when they stand . 
they just do not know what happened . 
the words " continuité honourable way '' , " and " in our commitment to the Senate are today . 
the next two weeks , independent think about how we are beginning to address the in the Senate . 
i do not my own créerai international business , if we do as parliamentarians who are concerned about the committee . 
no one can we try to . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
if you will adopt the motion , is it the pleasure to rise , like any other hon. Senator Senate and honourable ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
