i do not feel in the role of the country 's précepteur as could be springer and i do not want to be part of these international leagues like the time , these companies have taken far too much importance .
me is integral
anything you want , in terms of beauty and welfare , on hand .
this is the target quesemble having el confederation inglés , who is to inaugurate in the commercial centre of multidisciplinary callao , in madrid , an area of more than 1,000 m2 , dedicated to the care and the attentiondu corps .
the spa , located on the eighth floor , houses enseignes prestigious as hedonai , expert of the épilation laser , spaxion , with its relaxation rooms and cosmetic treatments , luis & gold tachi hairdressers , marina , which has a sport hall , or occitan cosmetic and its natural , among others .
there also has a radius food , with a particular show different kinds of tea , which is more than 130 .
spaxion among other suggest that we enjoy a massage relaxant with your companion , while looking the exceptional views on the capital , or rent for two hours the relax area in order to organize your own " beauty party " with eight of your friends , and you relaxer thanks to a session of jacuzzi , massages while drinking a cup of champagne .
in total , 250 m2 divided into 12 rooms , where we can benefit from the face , the body care the most innovative and hydrothérapie .
as , for example , the cavitation in order to combat the cellulite or the vibrant platforms .
the sport has also room of these aircraft , as well as virtual " trainers " guiding the steps of the customers , offering them fully personalised treatment .
it all starts with the introduction of your personal code on a screen tactile , is located in front of the plane .
several videos show us how properly carry out our programme of action .
its director ensures that 15 minutes - including échauffement and étirements - , are enough to do work on all the muscles of the body .
and , if after having been work our bodies , we want to go through the hairdressing salon , teaches luis & tachi has a room where the proposal of ritual to repair a hair , or of nutrition , the very personalised daylight .
innovation and exclusive appear to have been the key words of this urban spa , which will be opened 10h to 22h every day of the year .
décolletés as varied
christmas and there is no harm to study the look of the stars in order to adapt it to the garde-robe of celebration .
the shape of the décolleté , which is very important to focus on the size , is one of the variables , we must take into account .
here are a few suggestions .
the singer fergie has chosen a décolleté exaggerated , and very complicated . it is not advisable .
endesa and barcelona , were in the electric car
electricity company , endesa , in cooperation with the ayuntamiento of barcelona , has created the " ' oficina live . "
we are talking about a plan to develop and to promote the electric vehicle in the catalan capital .
" oficina live ' - logistics for the establishment of the electric vehicle - identifying and coordinate the road map for the establishment of the electric car in the city and will implement agreements on mobility , through steps to coordinate with subsidies and so on .
in addition , developing the movele project , will promote the electric car will gain the opinion and the work of the sectors involved .
in the end , the idea is to launch this who will become the transportation of the future .
3 " power cities "
but barcelona , is not the only city that will be involved in the building of the electric car in spain .
madrid and seville , come to join the project .
these are the three cities selected by the government , in the framework of the plan movele , in order to start the establishment of the electric car .
electricity company , endesa had already signed a framework agreement with the generalitat in catalonia .
it aims to promote the work of research and technological development in the autonomous region of catalonia .
among these are the activities related to energy , and in particular , to the energy efficiency .
it is not the only initiative which is endesa with regard to the promotion of the electric car .
the company is involved in groups of standardization , at the european level and has further in a series of projects such as the g4v , elvire or cenit verde .
zapatero is " a future of peace " to the sector of the engine
the president of the government , josé luis rodríguez zapatero , is " a future of peace " for the spanish car industry , which , he said , is the country 's main export sector .
during the presentation of the president of the government 's economic report for 2009 , zapatero said the measures taken by the executive in the course of this year in order to support the automotive sector .
" without a plan for competitiveness of the automotive industry , and we would now have a landscape of abandonment , closure of some of our key production sites , " said the president of the government .
" with this plan and brand to the decision to stay in spain , in a highly competitive sector , we can look forward to a future of peace for the future of this industry , which is our main export sector , " he added .
in this respect , he pointed out that the plan full of competitiveness , included in the plan for the automotive industry - member , has spent 800 million euros to the projects of 19 manufacturers and 137 auxiliary businesses , which have used an investment of more than 3 billion euros .
the chief executive said that the investment was designed both to the development of new models and " to the modernization of existing products and processes .
zapatero has also put the emphasis on the government measures to support the request , in reference to the 2000e plan , put in place in cooperation with the autonomous communities and the car companies .
according to the president , the plan has led to a reduction of 6 % spanish average emissions from new cars sold in the market and has contributed to a " significant increase " in immatriculations , which grew by 40 percent in november .
20 thousand square metres of cars of the collection
madrid hosts the first edition of the salon internationaldes cars for collectors , an area of meeting for the professionals and the fans in the world of the engine .
this initiative will take place from 5 to 7 february 2010 in the pabellón ball of the casa de campo in madrid .
ils' exposure is an area of 20 , 000 square metres , where there are more than 200 exposants national and international level .
we can not only to find effect and the car of collection , but it will also classicauto madrid articles in any way connected to the world of the engine .
flag as well , in the exposants , we can find some props , spare parts , components and accessories textiles , miniature , reviewed , and supplements .
hundreds of articles related to the world of the collection that will make the happiness of the engine and the curious collectors , however .
among the companies involved , we will , among other things , clásicos mos and good old times , specialists in car sales , juan lumbreras , catering , coupe-francisco pueche , car sales and restoration of , or cochera clásicos , specialist mercedes benz .
outside aptitude test as
but the parallel trade activity of this show will also include activities : sports gatherings , exhibitions and aptitude tests , presentations and competitions .
aptitude tests with the car and the effect of collectors will also take place on a system developed outside the park of exhibitions .
mazda3 sustained i-stop : a spirit of sport
mazda will prove that the spirit of sport is not angry with the respect for the environment .
to this end , it has to incorporate the mazda3 the system of ruling and start of the driver , called i-stop , an arrangement that , at least for the moment , there is the 2.0 gasoline engine of 150 horses .
the second generation of mazda3 can be illustrated by the noted that it has obtained as a whole .
the details , the revision of the vehicle , the habitabilité , behaviour and mechanics , the i-stop system ...
all these outstanding issues are on the new mazda3 .
starting with the driving position , as it turns out , the seats fronts have ergonomie and establishing a good .
the reach of the steering wheel is very pleasant .
by continuing with the whole formed by both the picture of control and the equipment , we see how mazda has continued in japan 's tendency to create an internal design of futuristic , with many buttons and orders , as well as vivid colors red and blue .
this style is a reminder , in part , one of the honda civic .
therefore we can say that the mazda3 as well as the civic , both japanese , contrast with the reticence of german products , especially with the volkswagen golf , which all want to overcome .
in keeping with the compact , the japanese car shop is a habitabilité more than sufficient to allow four adults to travel with a high level of comfort .
in addition to all of this great trunk to regular forms .
and arrest the system of automatic start of the engine , at least for now , is available on the gasoline engine , two litres of fuel and 150 horses and change manuel six speeds .
this engine is a true happiness , and it can be illustrated by the delicacy , its low noise , its benefits and the control of its consumption .
indeed , even the most requested that the mazda3 are diesel models , those who do not carry out a large number of kilometres per year should not exclude this i-stop speed with gasoline engine , both for his great comfort that controlled for consumption .
on the level of equipment , the model chosen for the test is the sporting , in other words that represents the biggest number of elements of series .
among the change of road - series , the assistant equipment rvm that removes one death , the speed of traction and stability control , the regulator , the interior photosensible mirror , a computer on board on a large screen size , the independent parking sensors , air conditioning , the capteur of rain and light , the bluetooth and audio , as well as the wheels of the bluetooth alignment of 17 inches , are particularly impressive .
in addition , as if this equipment is not enough , this premium had version of the pack , which for 1,500 euros more , include elements of adaptive headlights bi-xénon and a disc audio system bose with charger .
bottom line
the mazda3 2.0 i-stop is as one of the best car compactes in its category .
it can be illustrated in particular by the quality of the material used , for his behaviour and by its high standard equipment .
in addition , those who do not carry out a lot of kilometres per year will be able to choose the i-stop linked solely to the gasoline engine , 2.0 version of 150 horses .
its high cost , which is the only drawback of this model is between 21 770 euros for finishing luxury and 23 270 euros for the tested , the sports model .
in return for this large sum , every day the mazda3 will give us a great deal of pleasure .
" premier " of luxury
l.a. is the red carpet for sensualité embodied by penélope cruz , nicole kidman and fergie .
the more than ever we have blinded , stars vêtues as elegant as sexys models for the release of nine . - photos : gtresonline .
our " parliament " , as sophisticated as familiar , had opted for a " lady " bleak .
the promise of a fonpeek
peek is extremely limited , it is a system that allows only to watch his electronic mail , without giving the possibility if only to see some type of coins attached or surf the internet .
it profita his five minutes to glory in the united states , when the magazine désigna it as one of the products of the year .
in truth , it is not difficult to see in the streets , but the idea seems interesting , especially for the young people .
contrary to the smart phones , peek offers a very low price and a monthly subscription , which is less than half of the costs , for example , the subscription data of the iphone .
given his success , the company has launched two new devices , one designed exclusively for twitter , the other with a free service life of data , to six times more expensive than the peek .
fonpeek presented yesterday , in the event the web , " is the european version of the invention and its third incarnation .
it is so limited that the american grand-frère , but has come as a surprise .
the price of its monthly subscription , some 12 euros , includes the roaming across europe .
those who travel with a smartphone already know what represents the abandonment to data when you cross the border or seek desperately a cafeteria on the wifi - or a connection of fon - to be able to check his mail .
the idea of a roaming in a fixed price is incredibly seductive , and for a long time that it should work .
indeed , some companies have special arrangements and options journey , but as far as i am concerned , i would need to be made a thesis in physics to understand them and of good glasses to read the fine print .
repeated calls to order from the european commission to propose affordable price of roaming in the whole of europe has had a barely perceptible effect .
outside of their country of origin , one is reluctant to use the data , and it is not wrong .
as a small plane as fonpeek - it is strange that he is called fon when he does not possess the wifi - offer this kind of tariffs , means that operators are starting to think differently and study various proposals to increase their computer network .
kindle is another good example , it includes the downloading of books , and further research on the internet .
without subscription , and together .
it comes with a device connected and one pays in his purchases and not every month .
and this is what i want to see a day to the fonpeek : an option to purchase with access to life as peek says in the united states .
not that i want to buy it .
i look at my letters on my phone , thank you .
i want that simply because i believe that it is a more fair formula for the consumer .
it would be interesting to see how a computer with the same system .
michelle 's preferred the colour
yellow is the favourite , without a doubt , the color of the first lady of the united states .
if it went to the assumption of office of barack obama to the presidency of the united states with a habit ' and a coat of this colour , it has , in fact , made the same to accompany him in the second time , without a doubt , the most important of his life in oslo : the award of the nobel peace prize .
michelle obama was a very similar model on both occasions : besides colour yellow ressemblante , a shooting towards the green with a bright , both times , the views held consisted of three parts : the habit ' , jacket and , at the same , tissue and coats ornée of great broderie or a string .
so that a first glance , it seems that the first lady of the united states following the aftermath of princess of asturias and has chosen to get the same place .
but the base in which are carved up the two groups makes them very different .
for the assumption of office , he was a thick dentelle in oslo , on the other hand , it was a velvet printed .
the accessories , too , are different : green shoe to heel means for the first time , and a similar pattern , but golden , this time .
hairdressing she has changed : the hair are now faced when she was abandoned the last time .
75 % of professional working mothers have been problems as a result of their babies
discrimination in the workplace has risen in recent years , especially for the women of the young people who want to be mothers .
that reveals the study " fertility and women 's professional career in spain , " carried out by the csic in collaboration with the instituto de la mujer .
the survey , conducted on 9 737 women from 15 to 75 years , that leaves no room for doubt : 75 percent of working mothers have seen their careers limited because of the babies .
the study indicates that there are many differences regarding the beginning of life in a partnership , and the number of children , whether or not the woman is occupied and the kind of job .
those who do not have to work outside the home , work part time , or have a stable job little , they are earlier in a partnership , and have more children have their first pregnancy earlier .
however , women who have a stable job , mostly in the public sector , postpone the entry in life in a partnership , and the first pregnancy , and having fewer children .
women aged between 35 and 49 with fixed work have their first child , on average , 3.7 years after having built in couple . that figure rises to 4.1 among those who work in the public sector . " these data show that women have a stable job was needed for more time in their lives for that , which led them to reject the union and the arrival of the children .
more broadly , the type of job exercised influence the babies , but not the starting date of cohabitation , " explains the csic 's chercheuse margarita delgado .
the level of education is another factor that widening the gap in the age of the marriage of women and their first child .
according to the survey , the higher the level of training is , the more they are marient , and have their first child later .
the difference is also maintains among the women of the same generation .
for example , in a group of between 35 and 49 years , those who have made elementary and higher studies have been mothers respectively for the first time in 25,1 and 32,1 years on average .
" another disctinction is also among the women , according to their level of education .
while those who carry out the basic studies are marient and have their first child had to find a stable job , those studies of higher average level or reverse the programme and give priority to the achievement of a stable work as a condition for marriage and the arrival of a child , " says mrs delgado .
diane kruger also is so much
the cosmetic paris has just to add a new names to its list jalousée of ambassadors , diane kruger .
as of next year , the german actress will embody the image of a number of products of the brand , entonnant the universal currency " because i am worth it well . "
the protagonist of merry christmas , one of the most beautiful actresses on the international stage , has come and join other celebrities included among the cosmetic paris , as linda evangelista , jane found , andie macdowell , eva longoria and the spanish penélope cruz .
before it , the last to enter such a select club have been the players evangeline lilly , lost , and freida pinto , this millonaire .
among men , the brand cosmetics account by the ambassadors of luxury : patrick dempsey - dre grey , anatomy lesson - and matthew fox , the companion of evangeline lost .
the price of the british way
they have a lot to say about the world of fashion .
his greatest , creators and models , representatives of yesterday and today , gathered for the annual award of the price , which took place in london , at the royal court of justice .
no one has missed the deadline .
the ex mannequin jerry hall , and her daughter , georgia may jagger , best mannequin of elected this year .
poker in as of manuel vincent
manuel vincent is in poquer ases - alfaguara , indications of fernando vicente - thirty " radiographies " d " literary writers who have been his life - and sometimes , his former life .
it does not according to gender , predictable and apprehended , short biographique , life and work , but by seeking something similar to the nucleus of ignition of the character created .
the journey is exciting and vincent " saving neither the scares or the illuminations .
delicious fun , the book is also moving an invitation to the readings and relectures .
i leave you here a few snapshots .
on albert camus : " in its pages , i found that the mediterranean sea was not a physical , but a spiritual pulsion , almost my experience , that even without the name : the pleasure against the sad fate , morals without guilt and innocence , no god . "
on samuel beckett , nihilistic , a christian allégorique , he wrote what he had in the blood , not in the head , between the impotence and ignorance , with a splendid poetic humour , fierce meaningless , like the sword of the knife that failed the killing . "
on graham greene : " our rights has been inspired by the wife of a passion that lasted 13 years ago , in the flesh of which it conjugua emotion of adultery in a spiritual joy of compunction , a privilege that was to reach the sky by the road to perdition . "
on james joyce : " ulysses was published in paris in 1922 by sylvia beach . it is one of the summits of universal eight thousand metres from the literature , he must climb in the north , on which the best alpinistes dropping still and always taken . "
about william faulkner : " it is a strange type .
sometimes to himself , he said that it was the heir of a county landowner and at other times that he was the son of a black and a crocodile .
these two dreams were of greatness . "
on louis-ferdinand céline : " this writer recueillit what it has pushed for a bridge by this man of munch for its response to the bottom of the night of the 20th century , in its literary form , as he did in the escape of violent and invoking the after the fact with a speech to asticots . "
about dorothy parker : " one day it began to its knees and prayed : " dear god , i implore you to do that i always write as a woman . "
on joseph conrad : " on his tomb were set to spenser : " the sleep after the effort , and after the storm , the port , and the rest after the war , and after the life , tired death are pleased with it . "
on virginia wolf : " in her luggage it also was carrying his depression .
her husband was quite normally it to tell him that " eduard vii épiait between the azalées or that the birds chantaient in greek .
i have never seen such a patient man and lovers of a literary neurotic whose talent exceeded the madness . "
on pío baroja : " that did martín-santos if it is not to try to hide joyce in baroja ?
that tried benet if it is not to do fusiller baroja by faulkner .
that did that , if it is to retain the glory of this man so that he used to grace ? "
a cowardly act of aggression
last week , my mother , who has about 70 years ago , promenait fuenlabrada in our district of the city , when a group of young people aged between 15 and 18 years spent in addition to it and our dog , a sang-mélé , rescued in the spa and weighing no more than six kilos , and without saying a word , they assenèrent feet who grew the dog seriously injured two birds .
our indignation is great because we do not see what it is free fun to attack on a small animal without defence which , in addition , was on a leash .
this is in addition to the outrage of a woman who is promenait quietly and , when it came to fear for injuria these individuals physical integrity as a énergumène attacking an animal is capable of doing the same thing to a woman , a child , a ' or , in the final analysis , anyone lower than him .
the episode held at around 5 p.m. , just like any other tuesday , in an area normally calm .
the dog was gémi throughout the day .
of course , we have submitted a complaint to the police station of the area even if we doubt that it used to much , and not to touch the sensitivities , we just want to stress that the cowardly murderers were spanish .
outrage has led us to denounce this fact .
we do not understand what is happening among young people so that they are fun to mistreat free of charge an animal without defence which gives us the love , friendship and we wish company .
we do n't know what has happened to the good education and respect for animals and the people .
michelin and fesvial , sets to the wearing of the headphones
the tyre manufacturer michelin , in cooperation with the spanish foundation for road safety , fesvial , has launched a campaign to encourage the wearing of the helmet , mainly among motorcyclists youngsters , as we have said today the two bodies .
this initiative aims to promote awareness of the importance of the wearing of the helmet , because it is the only part of protection to avoid head injuries , or even death , in case of an accident in two wheels .
michelin said that the campaign was in keeping with his commitment to road safety , which goes beyond the design and manufacture of products increasingly safe " and said that it is contributing to this goal by other actions to educational and informative .
this new campaign to encourage the port of the helmet with two wheels , under the motto " to be but not to be , " a first stage in which include posters will be distributed in more than 500 garages in effect , in order to guarantee the widest spread .
finally , michelin pointed out that the road safety is a constant concern for the company , because as a tyre manufacturer for vehicles on two wheels , one of its main objectives is to develop products increasingly safe .
the sale of light commercial vehicles to go
after nearly two years ago , the light commercial vehicle market is starting to see a little bit of light at the end of the tunnel .
the 9 425 vehicles registered in november in spain represent an increase of 12.6 % compared to 2008 and , what is more important , they represent the first increase after 22 consecutive month of decline , according to the figures by the patronal manufacturers association anfac and ganvam , the dealers .
however , we need to qualify the good news , as the reference for the comparison , the month of november 2008 , was particularly bad , with a reduction of 60 % in comparison with the previous year .
as a result , despite the events of the last month , the immatriculations accumulated during the 11 months are 40 % in less than those of the previous year .
since january , if we add all vehicles coming into the category of light commercial vehicles - derived from cars and light pick-up , vans , fourgons and light trucks to windows 95 853 have been sold .
high clouds that affect the more their request did not eliminated . in fact , despite being bought by individuals , most of the purchases are made by small and medium sized enterprises , which pay in nearly 100 % of the cases thanks to an external financing .
as well , in addition to the restrictions involved by limiting the bank credits , we need to add other factors such as the rise in the unemployment rate and the persistence of the bad economic situation .
faced with this situation and in contrast to the cars , support for the purchase of the 2000e were used .
as well as individuals , independent and those who wish to acquire a commercial vehicle slightly less than 3.5 tonnes with a level of carbon dioxide emissions , which does not exceed 160 grams per kilometre , can also benefit from it , but the number of operations speaks for itself .
yesterday , in ganvam , it recalled once again the need for the administration to pay special attention to these vehicles and also to industrial vehicles , trucks and buses .
the dealers ' association provides a 2010 similar to that ends , to which it is a fall in sales , in private cars and the suv of 19 % .
aid to the emergency brake is now required
as it has been done with the system anti-lock brakes abs and it will take place with the stability control esp , emergency aid for brake systems will be compulsory element on european cars .
mandatory they are already on the newly registered passenger cars and light commercial vehicles , while for the rest of the vehicles , a period has been set up at the end of february 2011 .
the measure , imposed by the european union , is intended to strengthen the protection of pedestrians , even if , because of its course of action , it can also help prevent many back shocks .
the assistant to the emergency brake is increasing the pressure on the brakes in urgent cases detected by the system through the shot in the foot by the driver .
but they do not always keeps the pressure until the end of time .
according to a study conducted by the manufacturer of components for cars bosch , one third of the drivers involved in an accident did not rely on the brakes before the collision , and half of them did not benefit from its full force .
up to 1 , 100 accidents
the intervention of the aid , revancha , requires maximum of the brake system , reducing the distance the car needs to stop .
according to a study by the eu , if all vehicles were equipped with this type of " points , up to 1 100 fatal accidents in which pedestrians are involved could be prevented each year .
the reduction would be even more important with the popularisation of ' smart emergency braking systems : it is a sinister about four with the injured would be avoided .
in this case , the vehicle is equipped with a system that , thanks to a radar or a camera , detect the obstacles and prevents the slightly driver , in addition to act on the brakes .
when the driver is applied , it help in increasing the pressure on the , if it is necessary .
if it does not act and , even though the collision is inevitable , it is the maximum effort on the brakes in order to minimize the damage .
general motors postponed until january to the opel plan to
while the workers of the opel plant in figueruelas - zaragoza - have been warned by nick reilly , the new president of general motors - gm europe , that the production of the new meriva would be launched in the first week of april - may 8 , according to javier ortega , the north american manufacturer has warned that it will need more time to conclude the opel rescue plan .
nick reilly , the new president of gm europe , wishes that each of the plan has been approved in advance by the parties involved .
and this could mean that the final document , which will first be subject to the workers and the governments of the countries where there are factories , be postponed until early 2010 .
among gm , by contrast , there is a guarantee that a decision on the sale to saab should be taken in the next few days .
so it is no wonder that the swedish government has tightened the pressure on the american manufacturers in order to take a decision as soon as possible .
gm says come into contact with a possible new buyers .
one of them could also be geely , which seeks to acquire dutch volvo , but the application of the manufacturer of sports cars skyper , backed by the russian converg group , is becoming more important .
in cases where there would be an agreement with any of them , gm could sell a part of saab to the chinese company baic .
the decision to close saab , by the end of the year if it is not sold is maintained .
behind the wheel of a porsche boxster spyder
to develop their final and valuable gem , porsche , engineers went to the boxster s and have succeeded in the amincir that nothing less than 80 kilograms , which leaves the balance only 1 275 kilos .
this led to happen in the first place , the automatic roof which has been replaced by a roof bâché manuel , to reduce 21 kilograms , using doors in aluminium like those of the gt3 , other 15 kilos of less , to remove the climatiseur , 13 kilos , and to reduce the 64 to 54 litres of petrol tank , 7 kilograms of earned , to engage in bacquets sport , yet 12 kilos , and with tyres light of 19 inches , five kilos .
finally , they gave up the audio system cdr-30 , earning a further six kilograms and have replaced the poignéesdes doors by handfuls of tissues , saving the remaining kilo .
although the model also exists with the pdk box with a double embrayage manual , the test was carried out on a model to box of secondary six speeds , mainly on the roads of the network of california , in the mountains , with particularly tortuous however .
's behaviour can only be described as pure .
reducing weight does not mean the car to drive on the soil with aplomb .
on the contrary , it was a long time since we had not tested a model as small and light , which , at the same time , guarantee security , particularly in the however , including at high speed .
it is a small athlete , capable of échauffer its musclesà small rate for as long as necessary , until we ask him to sprinter , to curb , to recover and once again to push its engine ...
that is out what we wanted . thanks to his leadership , as forthcoming as accurate , the car will show our hands on the steering wheel .
and they will do so with surgical precision .
its engines to one side
the sound of her constantly boxing v6 , with 320 horses - 10 more than the boxster - was very successful and it can be strengthened with the option " sport " or through a system that is changing the rugissement the motor , already used on the panamera .
the ability of acceleration is brutal , either in the judgment or in success .
the suspensions are firm , but not hard or uncomfortable .
road surface that we have travelled to the boyxster spyder was quite blighted , but the car has been handled the nests of chicken .
electronic assistants did away in an appearance on the journey , and that in certain however we have found the ice in the early morning and graviers , later in the morning .
ultimately , a car ultralégère , the most divertissantes to lead , and which is much more than a simple change to the boxster s.
the car will be put up for sale in february last year , at a cost of 70 831 pounds .
bag , " girl , "
intimate friend of karl lagerfeld , icon of the line coco cocoon and occasional starlette parades in the house , the singer has its face of bad girl with such quantities that its bags chanel .
more than just a " bad girl " and a " it girl , " this is a " bag girl . "
the baskonia is a victory for israel
the caja laboral won a resounding victory in 91-82 hard during his visit on the ground of the maccabi electra , despite the numerous absences , whose team suffered from dusko ivanovic . thus , it is at the top of his group , after the great spectacle of mirza teletovic , with eight baskets to three points was the best of his team - 29 assessment .
vitoria 's team has been able to fill the important absence from herrmann , oleson huertas or micov by a large dose of collective commitment and work , even if it had to wait until the end to victory .
in addition , the great skill in the perimeter , with 16 baskets to three points scored , détermina far beyond the final victory .
the match started quickly to the blue and red , which had the advantage from the start .
the fact that the first four baskets of the team from vitoria should be conducted from the area , there was that they were hit on the ground with the israeli poignets hot .
english and teletovic were the principal author of the final 18-20 in the first quart-temps .
the second quart-temps was in the same tone , but the team of internal barac alava has chosen the game and the work of eliyahu , which was received by the cheers and applause of returning to his former home , to increase their advantage in the break - 34-43 .
teletovic already started to draw attention to themselves as the best player of his team , with 13 points scored , although the " least six " assessment of splitter was already predict that night was never going to be the best of the brazilian .
but in this game , despite the fact that they are on the right track to the break , nothing was done , far from it , and the team of avala wanted to remind by vitoria , that it is not so easily on their land , and thanks to " the hand of elias , " they succeeded in entering the match .
eidson and pnini contributed significantly to ensure that the yellow to take the advantage on the of light - 50-49 .
remaining problems
ivanovic , injured players , but far from dead , needed to follow some actions were to take the air , and then tell the mitraillette mirza teletovic who , with three consecutive baskets at three points and the help of english and ribas remit to a reassuring score - 54-67 - meter and that the local success to increase at the end of the third quart-temps - 57-67 .
the team of avala sortit to play the for the first during the last period , and english , and san emeterio - 60-75 avisèrent they would not tire person they take what they earned during the first 30 minutes .
pnini eidson it , the best in their team , however , is not résignèrent and tried to support it in line with the three points , 70-77 .
despite this , and with splitter ivanovic eliminated by mistakes , the players can only be précipitèrent , advocated , and although the israelis are converged at the last minute , 80-85 , the game was already up and the victory was in tel aviv for the first time in the season .
the injury prevents unicaja of fight
the unicaja lost loud in greece in the face of olympiacos and gave him the lead in group b of the euroligue , in a match marked by the absence of players in the internal unicaja , especially in the game - freeland , lima and greek archibald - which have facilitated the victory .
malaga 's team was not intimidated by the mood of the flag of peace and friendship and the scale of the rival , without doubt one of the most powerful of europe and with a big budget .
the game of the first quart-temps , has helped to make the dream in andalusia . an aggressive defense and three consecutive baskets at three points , two of the leader omar cook and of guillem rubio , who has ébloui local team 12-18 , in the ninth minute .
the olympiacos has been surprised by the intensity of the local unicaja , although the arsenal of the team with the internal game of bourousis vujcic and schortsanitis , has helped to overthrow the score 22-20 , in the 13th minute , when action , a beginning of fight between american leaders beverley and williams led to the disqualification of the two players .
greek team has begun work by showing its superiority in the two sides , while the exit to injury of english pivotal joel freeland and the three carlos jiménez pesaient on unicaja 's personal mistakes .
domestic players and the lithuanian ailier linas kleizas , with their baskets with three points , creusèrent 44-32 advantage , in the 19th minute .
an impossible rise
the third period was especially for the olympiacos offensive that , despite the losses , 19 was higher and even came to match the difference of the contested in malaga 66-48 meeting , at the vingt-septième minute , making totter the head of the group .
the unicaja is trying to overcome the absences and the last exit from the scottish pivotal robert archibald , injured during the meeting .
despite all these problems , the unicaja , thanks to his organization , to cook baskets to three points , and the support of lewis , left little hope with 66-57 , at the trente-et-unième minute .
but the victory was almost impossible because the olympiacos might be a harsh when the players were pressure and showed their superiority in centimeters in the area .
the croatian central nikola vujcic , manages to get the score to 81-62 , at the trente-septième minute , and the unicaja soumit , agreeing to the victory of the olympiacos .
how much you should be paid according to your profile facebook ?
facebook users can know the salary that they deserve depending on their profile , thanks to a new application of trovit , the search engine with the greatest number of small estate ads , employment and vehicles in spain .
the tool " that should be paid ? " calculates the wages of offers of users from more than 140 , 000 jobs available to trovit in spain , from a form available on facebook , where you have to put your profession , your years of experience , age and the city where you want to work .
last week that the application works , the search engine has detected that as a general rule , the spanish workers ' is poorly paid , " said in a statement the head of the trovit , albert ribera products .
according to the information available to trovità from its search engine in the united kingdom and france , the spanish are the least well paid .
a british computer programmeur annual gross receives 45 226 euros and a frenchman , 31 059 , when a spanish has 24 thousand euros .
gross in the same way , a driver sees 34 247 euros in england , 25 annual 751 in france and 16 420 in spain .
according to trovit is the worse in spain , the work of annual net server , with 11 592 euros , followed by the vendor , with 14 725 euros , and that of labour , with 15 667 euros .
's most wanted jobs on the internet during the past three months are the driver , the jobs in the half , and the social worker .
brazil , set a date for the departure of zelaya
the brazilian government has set a deadline for the manuel zelaya 's stay in the embassy of tegucigalpa .
the deposed president will have to abandon the diplomatic légation on 27 january 2010 at the latest , the date of the official end of his term of office .
francisco catunda , in charge of affairs of the brazilian embassy in the capital of honduras , confirmed to globo tv that " mel " knows that he must leave the embassy , where he is refugee since september 21 , before that date .
" he is aware that it must be based on 27 january , at the end of his term of office , he must seek another destination . "
the channel has also quoted the former agent , who has confirmed his intention to leave the embassy before the end of the set deadline : " my position is logical to leave as soon as possible , with the support of the brazilian government , " zelaya said by telephone .
after the elections of the 29 november , during which porfirio lobo was elected , zelaya has assured that it would remain in the brazilian embassy until january .
the same week , however , it has tried to seek asylum in brazil .
the operation ultimately failed , as zelaya has rejected the condition of political exile , that will impose the de facto government headed by roberto micheletti .
i would like to express my thanks
after days rose since early last year , during which asset inflation was the dominant note on the markets , the uncertainty arises again , which is not surprising because it is a matter of their natural state , in an area where the agents to take decisions on an uncertain future in nature .
the remedy used by central banks to stabilise the markets has been to monetize the debt by the direct purchase of assets and , indirectly , by providing abundant liquidity rates close to zero , so that the purchase of assets to mobilize financial institutions .
central banks have already confirmed that the direct purchase of assets have almost been finalised , and , without prejudice to their political maverick of liquidity , are starting to put a little bit of sand in the machinery , such as the ecb , with their award for one year to the next week .
as a result , investors have doubts about the ability of the global economy to maintain an economic recovery without heterodox measures and we are witnessing a inversely to reduce the risk premium .
volatility of grants and different business obligations rise again , although they are still very distant paranormaux levels they have achieved at the beginning of the year .
states have been forced to socialising the risk of private and public debt has threatened once again .
there is once again a flight to quality and the united states , japan and germany have been refuges chosen by investors , provocative an increase of differences between the countries in the euro zone and germany .
spain has been barely affected by this episode of instability , but after standard & poor 's threatened with a new downward revision of the qualifications of the kingdom of spain .
on the other hand , a little bit of uncertainty is not a bad to silence the defenders of moral risk , tried again to create a case of awareness among lesresponsables of global economic policy which had impeded the destructive effects resulting from the credit limit on the destruction of the jobs , although what we should do is declare a new day of action for pardons .
however , the situation of dubai looks like a struggle between tribal sheikhs to restore its place in the power in the emirates , and we have already seen the case of greece .
a government which hides a public deficit of elections , and a new government , which finds the pot with roses .
prodi did in italy , after berlusconi and socrates to portugal after durão barroso .
it is quite irrational that preserves the ecofin hungary to a breach of its external payments at the beginning of the year and allow a member country of the euro area does not respect its commitments .
what makes sense , however , is that the ecofin incited the greek government transparency and give its citizens are partly responsible for the need to extraordinary measures to maintain the stability of its public finances .
if , as expected , we are faced with an episode of normalization of risk premium transitional , after some excesses in positions , this would be expected .
in the case of spain , as long as our differences in the public debt has risen to the measure of the obligations of european companies , nousn' have not worry us .
if our differences and that the europeans were continued to increase , then there would be a risk idiosyncrasique of spain .
the standard & poor 's case is a story . when our forecast indicators force most studies services to anticipate their models of recovery and to revise upward their forecasts for 2011 , together with the oecd and the european commission , which are on the offensive with a japanese pourl spanish economy model , it adds little hope for their warning .
once again , this has all seem to be an excellent opportunity to buy assets in spain , although for the moment " caution is the mother safety . "
sectors that are connected
the president of iberdrola , ignacio sanchez galán , yesterday , was the first to speak before the subcommittee of the congress of deputies , which is discussed in recent days spain 's energy strategy for the next two decades .
after his speech , which was followed by one of the president of gas natural-fenosa , rafael villaseca , mr galán outlined for the press what he had said before the subcommittee , in huit-clos .
for president with iberdrola , spain needs to invest 50 million euros until 2020 and 60 000 million more between now and 2030 , today , in the event of nuclear power plants in operation remain open .
if that is not the case , the investments needed but does not " estimated at 60 billion to 95 million .
iberdola , however , believes that for the next decade , the investments should not be put to an increase in production capacity , but the distribution networks and to international connections .
by 2020 , the issue is changing , and it will increase the power .
his bet focuses on both gas and coal plants , with the mechanisms for recovery of the carbon dioxide and , above all , on renewable energy sources .
in this field , it believes that 18 , 000 mw of more are needed , along with other sources of support . "
galán sustainable economy , who believes that the draft law that the government has to approve along the lines of what calls for his company , did not want to attack the royal decree aimed at promoting the use of coal , which contradicts the national policies to combat global warming .
according to him , there are " a clear challenge to the long term " in this respect , despite the " specific measures , " as the president has called for iberdrola .
however , galán believes that investment decisions , although they are in the long term , will start to be taken , as they put some time before they reach their maturity and a lucrative stable framework is needed to address them .
ferrovial wins the market for the handling of aer lingus at ten airports
the swiss company swissport , subsidiary of ferrovial for airport services on earth , and will play the role of privileged partner of the irish airline aer lingus , for goods , services in 10 european airports , where it is present .
paris - london , frankfurt and brussels are one of the most important .
the agreement , whose economic terms , have not been revealed , a period of five years ago .
reports on the other hand , ferrovial , the junta of castilla-la mancha yesterday , and the university of alcalá de henares signed a protocol of cooperation in order to create the innovation centre of intelligent infrastructures .
the alliance is an investment of 20 million until 2012 , of which 50 % from ferrovial .
one of the tasks of the centre will be to carry out research on the energy efficiency on the roads and at airports .
acciona dispute his first highway in australia for hochtief and bouygues
acciona is fighting for its first highway in concession in australia , in which it is already in market as a company manager of water and energy .
the task at hand is a tunnel which is estimated at 1.7 million australian dollars approximately 1 047 millions of euros .
the french company bouygues , and the german company hochtief were his rival .
a tunnel of 5 kilometres long in the australian city of brisbane , on the east coast , this is the option to allow acciona to settle in the country as a company of public works and distributor of highways .
the mayoralty of the city wants to have them at the end of 2014 .
having chosen the ppp public / private partnership - for its initials in english in order to carry out the project , within the framework of a plan to do under the supervision of erns & young , the local administration already has a list of finalistes which will be responsible for the construction and operation of the toll .
in anticipation of the submission of bids in may next year , the planned investment stands at 1.7 million australian dollars approximately 1 047 million euros , and in the last phase three consortiums compete with a notable presence of european manufacturers .
the group called transcity is led by acciona , only spanish company and smoothly , and his associates are mdbs and ghella .
the first is one of the largest manufacturers australian , while the latter , based in italy , is one of the largest european experts to work underground .
against the team of direct acciona , will hurt the northern consortium , with the presence of the british company laing o rourke , of the australian transfield and infrastructure operator of the french manufacturer bouygues group .
the third and final consortium has passed the test is lbrjv , whose capital is shared between the australian leighton , of the german manufacturer hochtief subsidiary , which in turn has the participation of local acs , another company , baulderstone - ownership of the german bilfinger berger and the welsh company specialized in public works projects , razel .
the australian market infrastructure promises major sites and privatisations , but joining represents a very difficult , if not through the purchase of a local construction company .
a strategy that followed the asian firms hochtief and bilfinger , already mentioned , in addition to their records , and which is still a step not approved for the spanish giants from the sector .
acs has only just to win a place on this market with its participation of 30 % of hochtief , owner of leighton .
contingent millionaires
acciona placed on a geographical area of great importance for the sector , which already has a large presence in the guise of its energy supplier and activity in the sector of the désalinisation .
among other assets , it has the largest number of wind turbines , the waubra , 192 megawatts in victoria , and runs the reunification of companies responsible for building and managing the dessalinisateur adelaïde , with a budget of $ 700 million .
it now has the intention of consolidating these two areas and to take advantage of the synergy to enter the markets of the construction and management of infrastructure .
underground road toll , promoted by the office of infrastructure in the city of brisbane and the northern link - link north - is going to connect the peripheral toowong western highway to the road to kelvin grove , see the map , by four kilometers of existing tunnel . this is the largest project to reduce traffic congestion in brisbane .
the timetable laid down by the administration says that the competition will take place during the summer of 2010 , and that the work will begin in december of next year .
in spite of the fact that the road will be open to traffic toll after 2014 , it is not expected that the project would be completed by 2016 .
the tunnel has started to be designed in 2005 .
include two times two tracks , a complex system of electronic toll , and a ventilation system .
the government of the queensland will provide 500 million australian dollars , 308 million euros to finance it .
brisbane already offered the work to hochtief
australia continues to serve grow hochtief , who gave yesterday the achievement of the contract with the government estimated at 154 million .
the company owned by acs will equip , by means of its subsidiary , local leighton , the infrastructure of the national optical fibre broadband network .
this intervention will quickly to 400 , 000 people to have access to the internet and will provide jobs for the german company for 18 months .
on the other hand , the company gave the project for the construction of the tour king george , 27 , in the city of brisbane floors . the projects have not yet started and hochtief has reached the sale to 129 million .
in the united kingdom , particularly in manchester , it shares with school laing o rourke the construction and management of two groups for 25 years .
the initial investment will be to 75 million euros .
fcc are being adjudiquer a tunnel in slovenia to 64 million
fcc alpine , through its subsidiary , is adjudiquer the construction of a tunnel of 2.1 kilometers long on a motorway in slovenia , for a total of 64,5 million euros .
the company has got the contract just days after having held responsible for work of expansion of the bosruck tunnel , austria , for a total of 130 million .
alpine consolidates with its experience in the construction of tunnels .
the launch of the site , is scheduled for early 2010 , and its implementation will take 32 month .
sra . rushmore is adjudiquer advertising renfe 's
renfe said of advertising and marketing services for the next two years to the agency sra . rushmore , with a budget of about three million euros per year , the railway operator said .
the contract refers to the possibility of two extensions of 12 months each . sra . rushmore has been chosen among 16 agencies that have been presented to the tender organized by renfe , of which four were finalistes , including tbwa who was responsible for the creativity in the last three years .
. from now on , sra rushmore will be in charge of the design and production of the countryside .
a fine of 63 million to france telecom to slow down the competition
french competition regulator has imposed a fine of 63 million euros in france telecom anti-competitive for his conduct in the caribbean region belonging to the country .
according to this institution , the operator has limited competition in fixed and mobile telephony by the signature of exclusive agreements , prices and programmes of loyalty to consumers in the margins of the regulation .
with this step , the former french monopoly and state company , is more than 450 million euros in fines since 1994 , as a result of the obstacles they make its competitors .
the sanctioning yesterday has been increased because the authority which ensures the competition considers that france telecom has made similar crimes in the past , and it is therefore repeat offender .
a shop of the applications
on the other hand , the mobile phone subsidiary of the french company has followed the wake of operators and opened a shop of internet applications , with the aim of increasing revenues , which does not come from the transmission of voice .
at the beginning , the shop of applications of orange will be active in france and the united kingdom .
it will have to wait until 2010 to happen in other countries , such as spain .
their participation in the champions ' league has reported 476,4 million for the real madrid and the barça since its creation
the champions ' league has become a source of revenue for the clubs , since its inception in 1992 .
indeed , the real madrid and the f.c. barcelona won 467,4 million , which put them in third and fifth position of clubs who have earned the more money in the competition .
the manchester united is at the very top of the list .
the manchester united is at the top of the list .
win the uefa champions league does not only the spotlight . it is also one of the main sources of income for the big clubs .
indeed , the competition has distributed five 362,5 million euros to 105 - including 12 spanish teams that have participated in the event since the creation of the tournament , in the course of the 1992 season , according to information from the uefa .
the f.c. barcelona and real madrid have been well served in the distribution .
the continent 's white was the third club to reach the more money for his participation , and the only one with the a.c. milan , has won three times the area .
the catalan club , now with the title and last winner of the former european cup in 1992 , is the fifth on the list .
at the top of the list are the manchester united and bayern munich , the two teams who have charged , in addition , the more money for their part in the last champions league .
and that , despite the fact that they lost in the barça .
on the other hand , spain is only the third country , as far as the money reported in the champions league , although it has won more titles than any other , five , while italy has won four , england and germany , two - three .
question of how to divide
this apparent paradox is due to the complicated procedure for distribution of money being applied by uefa .
for this year , the body headed by michel platini expects to win 1 090 million , thanks to the champions league .
of this amount , the uefa will 413,1 million fixed payments : all of the 20 clubs who took part in the classification matches , including the madrid atlético has received 2.1 million .
in addition , those who have managed to take part have received only 3.8 million to be there , in addition to 550 midnight euros for each match played .
there is also a bonus in the event of victory - 800,000 euros and equal - 400 000 for each team . those who come to huitièmes to receive three million each , the final eight teams who arrive in final quarter of reçoivent3,3 million .
each of the past four teams will receive four million .
and the champion will win 9 million , compared to 5.2 received final from the other .
as well , the fixed payments , a club will win at least 7.1 million , and a maximum of 31,2 million .
on the other , the barça has earned 2.5 million on winning the super cup in august .
but there are varying payments , which are devoted 337,8 million .
this money is distributed on the basis of the proportional value of every television market .
the spanish market is the one of the most important , and has four seats attitrées .
the champion of last year is making 40 % of the money allocated , 30 % in the second , 20 percent for the third and 10 % in the fourth .
the other side will be made according to the number of matches played over the course of the edition of the current year .
nueva rumasa 61 million euros to 29.9 percent of the sos offers .
the group nueva rumasa listed yesterday the details of the offer to purchase of action in which it intends to acquire a maximum of 25 to 29.9 percent of the capital of sos .
a percentage that do not oblige it to launch a public takeover bid - hostile takeover bid for the whole of the titles .
specifically , nueva rumasa offers 1,5025 euros per share , which will be paid out in 10 years , and which will be paid at a rate of 1 percent per year for the delay .
yesterday , the actions of the sos have completed at 1.85 euros ; supply of nueva rumasa evaluates the company 18 percent below the market .
according to nueva rumasa , the price of one and a half euros , reflects the real evaluation of the sos .
the offer is conditional on the nomination of eight of the 15 councillors .
the group of jerez gives us a period of 15 days for the shareholders indicated their interest in the sale of securities .
the cnmv said have not been informed of this offer , although the company of ruiz mateos has said that it had been in contact with the regulator .
if it were to happen , the disbursement is presented to 611,7 million , while the capital of sos is to 254,27 million .
sos , meanwhile , continues a restructuring of its leadership .
in a bid to remain outside of any offers to buy , and criminal and goes on his former directors , the brothers jesús and jaime salazar , announced the election of maria luis jordá as head of internal auditing .
a decision that in fact , the first woman to occupy a post in the food business leader .
it is of a newly created post , which will depend directly from the president of the group .
and it is not immune from legal argument , because the company is submerged in the battle for the alleged embezzlement of more than 230 million sos to companies salazar .
elsewhere , the possibility that , over the next few months the sos reveals new misappropriation of funds can not be ruled out .
on credit for salazar , the former advisers ildefonso ortega and ángel fernández noriega - representatives of the ccm and unicaja - have declared yesterday before the high court that they had been informed of the diversion of 212 million without knowing the destination .
the cnmv allows a takeover bid of exclusion from paternina presented by inversora sea
the national commission of the stock market - cnmv - gave yesterday the hostile takeover bid of exclusion , presented by inversora sea on federico paternina on 9 october .
the supervisory body said it allowed this operation because he understood that his words ajustaient standards in this force and that he considered " enough " explanatory the contents of the documents presented , following the changes implemented on 2 december last year .
the cnmv said that the offer is the acquisition of 550 008 actions of federico paternina at a price of 7,65 euros per share , which represents social 8,95 % of the capital , consisting of 6 142 786 actions admitted to trading on the stock exchanges in madrid and bilbao .
he also explained that 5 592 778 million shares were immobilisées , and that they could in no way be sent before the completion of the offer , which he said that the price was set by federico paternina in accordance with the provisions of the existing rules .
new tools for the expertise of its cars
in these days of bad weather , and of accidents , the car garages are not the only winners .
every day , thousands of cars that have suffered an accident are brought up in a garage , where an expert to assess the damage and the cost of repair .
every event is different , and the calculation of the cost of coins and the time of workforce can be a long and complex process .
calculating compensation to shoulder the cost of between 20,000 and 30,000 euros , including the documents and the workforce could take two or three hours .
on the other hand , with the assistance of the most recent computer tools , it would be a matter of minutes .
it is for this reason that nearly 100 % of the experts are using this type of system .
service providers and solutions for the evaluation of claims and maintenance devoted to the collection of information provided by the manufacturers , and then treat them and offer them to customers in the form of a useful tool .
in spain , audatex , leader of the north american solera , is the company ; 80 % of the assessments are made with its products .
other companies that compete in the field of tools to evaluate and to the development of information on the sector are gtmotive and eurotax .
's work with the information provided by the manufacturers is far from easy .
according to audatex eduardo velázquez , director of trade , the business in spain with 63 manufacturers and importers , and each one of them provides them with information in a different format .
in addition , the amount of data to deal with continues to grow , so that in the past five years , more than versions , and motorisations variants have been launched in the past 15 years .
when a new car fate in the market , the companies are at work .
it is a very difficult work , because you need to catalogue every thousand pieces of the vehicle and put his prize .
in addition , it puts a graphic image " intelligent " of each model on which we can click on the different parts of a car of tourism .
if it is a model sold in huge numbers , the work could be ready within a week if they are moving very quickly .
if it is a little car sold , it can take three or four months . at present , audatex has full information about 99,2 % of the cars sold in spain .
one of the most exclusive models , for example , they have information about the porsche , but not of the ferrari and lamborghini .
on the vehicles on the road , the number exceeds the 99 % .
to do the work of documentation and preparing the databases , audatex has eight centers spread all over the world in spain , france , germany , the united states , brazil , mexico , china and japan , and all of them are specialized in some brands .
the national headquarters is located , to alcobendas - madrid - .
there , more than 100 technicians or general of experts in mechanical work simultaneously on three computer screens .
audatex invest 90 million every year to make these databases .
every month , 2.5 million of data is stored , and the customers are actualisations every two days .
the drafting of the huge flow of information allows these companies to provide various uses , and to offer a variety of products .
the most frequent application for the repair and maintenance , but in different countries , there is also the tools for the management of the components of theft or to calculate the vénale or residual value of a car .
the only company that has a guide making inquiries about the value of the used car is eurotax in spain .
audatex does not propose in our countries , but it does so in the united states .
in view of the products offered by audatex , it is easy to get an idea of the type of support it can provide to workers in the sector .
this company offers 10 different tools , the flagship is audaplus evaluation standard , the solution of the fires , intended for the experts .
there are cars , bikes , industrial light and heavy vehicles .
in addition to the cost of coins , it takes into account the time to redress estimated by the manufacturer or the scales of paint .
this tool comes in accordance with its use , for every estimate .
the cost of 5.75 euros , the highest for customers who use it little , to a maximum 10 times per month .
then every insurance company , which has thousands of expertise , is negotiating a price with audatex .
other products , such as audavin , allow the full identification of a vehicle and machinery , with whom he is out of the assembly line , only through its chassis number .
audaglass focuses on the glass of cars , and audasubastas is an internet server opened to the business sector , which has enchérir on vehicles declared wrecks .
his office of statistics is very helpful to identify patterns , conducting tests géo-démographiques or knowledge of the current problems by mark or model .
it is possible to study , for example , how many models of a determined went in the garage to mark a failure or how many have suffered from serious claims for a certain period .
gt reason is the only spanish company that is devoted to the development of this type of tools .
it is selling , among other things , gt estimate , which is also meant to experts and provides digital images , as well as access to documents , official price and time of the manufacturer .
gt motivates is a company in the einsa group , founded in 1971 , as a provider of services and solutions evaluation of the claims , and devoiture outages or maintenance .
the assessment guide gt is a product of historical reference on the market .
the company is working with 24 , 000 users in garages , 3 100 experts , and 53 insurance companies .
its volume of business has grown at a rate of 20 percent per year over the past three years , and it has been a turnover of 10,8 million euros in 2008 .
at the beginning of last year , she has begun the process of globalization , with the introduction of an office in paris .
on its side , audatex was born in germany in 1966 , and is located in spain in 1979 .
according to the sources of the company , 62 percent of its turnover is being done in europe and the rest of the world , and the remaining 38 % in north and south america . it works with 900 insurance companies and 33 , 000 , of which 3,000 are garages in spain .
the turnover of the world solera - audatex , sidexa , informex abz , hollander and ims - s " amount to $ 557 million , more than 3.3 % in 2008 .
in our country , the company is set to receive 19.1 million euros , or 7.2 percent more than in the last year .
in 2005 , the group solera was quoted on the stock exchange to 1 billion dollars , today , its actions are estimated at a total of 2 , 400 million dollars .
for 2007 , it is a side on the new york stock exchange and is part of the standard & poor 's index of reference .
internet auction of cars , accidentées
in october last year , the group has bought autoonline solera , an internet platform to the sale of cars , motorcycles and of special vehicles victims .
the operation has involved a cost 59,5 millions of euros for 85 percent of the company 's capital , which could widen the next year to 15 % .
the aim of the acquisition was to deliver more added value services to its customers , with the possibility of international access to a huge market .
estimates of this service and is focused only on sale of workers in the sector , as the insurance companies , the experts , leasing companies , the garages , professional casses and vendors who must be registered before starting to carry out operations .
this platform was created in 1996 in germany and manages more than 650 , 000 operations in the whole of europe , including 500 000 in germany .
among its main markets are spain , france , greece , poland , and turkey .
there are currently more than 1500 sellers and 4,000 experts registered on the site .
it handles 3 , 000 announcements per day and on the spanish market , 100 new ads are published each day .
spanish in accordance with the law , a car with the chassis number has been removed can no longer move , but on the other hand , some parts which are not damaged can be used as spare parts .
vintage cars can be réenregistrées , although they have now been withdrawn , after complex steps .
estimate by garage in four stages
with the auda-taller tool , the company audatex ensures that the user gets an estimate in just four stages : identifying the vehicle , seek the room to spare , creating an estimate and the engineer .
the ease of use is a key element of these systems , especially in order to convince the older workers who , to a greater or lesser extent , are resistant to the use of new technologies of management .
the database includes 1 034 vehicles , including tourism , 109 tout-terrains 666 , 137 motorbikes , 78 , vans and 44 lorries .
naturally , in order to use it , a computer and a connection to the internet are necessary .
once the model to repair identified thanks to its actual number of windows , a graphic image of the model in question is can you selects the piece needed .
the user can include variables such as the price of the workforce , supplements or reduced , and then it can give the estimate for the return to the customer .
audataller is not a tool to estimate as a audaplus , but a catalogue of benchmarks .
the main difference between the two systems is that one for the garages do not include the estimated time of workforce .
the cost of using this tool in the garage of 350 euros per year , which can be the subject of credit .
at the moment , the company audatex works so that these pictures are in three dimensions .
this is something that engineers are a very positive because it will , for example , to select a door and make it look to see the face internal .
